0b8n00wa	https://comicbook.com/irl/news/harvard-galileo-project-avi-loeb-search-of-alien-extraterrestrial-life/	Despite a government report that found no evidence of alien life on Earth, one of the country's most prestigious schools is hoping to scour the cosmos in search of extraterrestrials. Led by Harvard professor Avi Loeb — a name well-known in the "believer" community — Harvard has officially launched The Galileo Project, which promises it will "dare to look through new telescopes."	On a website created for the Harvard-based project, the goal of Galileo is "to bring the search for extraterrestrial technological signatures of Extraterrestrial Technological Civilizations (ETCs) from accident or anecdotal observations and legends to the mainstream of transparent, validated and systematic scientific research."	In layman's terms, Loeb and his team hope to find undeniable evidence of alien life somewhere amongst the stars.	“Given the recently discovered abundance of habitable-zone exoplanets, with potential for extraterrestrial life, the Galileo Project is dedicated to the proposition that humans can no longer ignore the possible existence of ETCs," Loeb said in a press release announcing the group. "Science should not reject potential extraterrestrial explanations because of social stigma or cultural preferences that are not conducive to the scientific method of unbiased, empirical inquiry. We now must ‘dare to look through new telescopes’, both literally and figuratively.”	Loeb has been a polarizing figure amongst astronomers for his staunch stance on a 2017 event. Then, an object called 'Oumuamua passed by earth and, according to Loeb, didn't resemble a single comet or asteroid observed by aliens before. The astronomer has since admitted he believes this could have been an alien craft passing by the planet.	“Some people do not want to discuss the possibility that there are other civilizations out there,” Loeb said at the time. “They believe we are special and unique. I think it’s a prejudice that should be abandoned.”	“It would put us in perspective,” he added. “If we are not alone, are we the smartest kids on the block? If there was a species that eliminated itself through war or changing the climate, we can get our act together and behave better. Instead, we are wasting a lot of resources on Earth fighting each other and other negative things that are a big waste.”	Cover photo by Marcos del Mazo/LightRocket via Getty Images
0b8lMpBf	https://madison.com/wsj/news/local/govt-and-politics/wonder-bar-won-t-be-demolished-18-story-40-million-housing-project-stalls/article_8e36fffc-fd09-54f8-b91a-8d3ea3119827.html	After an outcry from residents, the Madison Plan Commission unanimously voted Monday to save a historic bar with deep ties to Chicago mobsters by putting a pause on an 18-story housing project that would have required the bar’s demolition.	The $40 million-plus development, which was proposed for Olin Avenue near the Alliant Energy Center, would have razed the Wonder Bar steakhouse and the Coliseum Bar & Banquet to make way for the tower of 291 apartments, 342 parking stalls and 16,000 square feet of first-floor commercial space.	Although commission members were supportive of the increase in housing, they objected to the demolition of the Wonder Bar. Some were also opposed to the scale of the project, while others thought the density was needed.	Neighbors and preservationists have called for the Prohibition-era Wonder Bar to be saved and relocated, but a new site has not been found. More than a dozen residents spoke against the development at Monday's meeting, decrying the loss of the bar, which opened in 1929.	"There's overwhelming support for saving this building," said Ald. Sheri Carter, 14th District, who represents the area.	The city's Landmarks Commission has said the Wonder Bar has historic value as a rare remaining example of a Prohibition-era roadhouse, although the structure has not been officially designated as a city landmark. It's associated with a network of roadhouses that were operated at the edges of cities for the purpose of distributing illegal alcohol.	"I think preserving it is important," Commissioner Bradley Cantrell said. "It does add to the history of Madison."	The developer, McGrath Property Group, said moving the building within a one-mile radius would cost at least $250,000. Lance McGrath said he would donate the cost of demolition to the relocation, but the several options for new sites that he explored "weren't feasible" for a variety of reasons. He said the relocation is also limited by surrounding bridges that could not withstand the estimated 800,000 to 950,000 pounds of the building.	The Plan Commission placed the housing proposal on file without prejudice, meaning McGrath could come back with a revised proposal that addresses commission members' concerns.	"I see this as a pause," Cantrell said.	East Wash project	Also Monday, the commission unanimously approved a six-story, mixed-use development with 290 apartments and 15,000-square-feet of commercial space at 1858 E. Washington Ave., next to what will become the Madison Public Market.	The project still needs final approval from the Urban Design Commission before the developer can move forward with construction.	Galway Companies obtained permission to demolish the Washington Plaza shopping center, the one-story, 39,696-square-foot strip mall, built in 1962, that is currently on the 3.9-acre site.	Plans for the major project include a mix of studio and one- and two-bedroom apartments with a restaurant along East Washington Avenue and a series of townhouses facing North First Street.	Cantrell said the project fits well with the city’s goal of redeveloping the East Washington Avenue corridor.	“This is a great project,” Cantrell said. “It’s going to be a nice addition to that corridor.”
0b8n05MD	https://www.news-medical.net/news/20210726/SARS-CoV-2-interacts-with-unusual-RNA-structures-in-human-cells.aspx	An international team of researchers showed that a domain of a severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) protein (Nsp3) interacts with unusual deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and ribonucleic acid (RNA) structures called G-quadruplexes or G4s.	The study, published in the journal Nucleic Acids Research, demonstrated that G4 ligands, the chemical that binds with G4s, prevent this interaction. The results could pave the way for developing inhibitors of these interactions as potential antiviral compounds.	SARS-CoV-2	The SARS-CoV-2, the virus behind the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic, continues to spread across the globe, infecting over 194 million people. The pandemic has claimed more than 4.16 million lives.	The SARS-CoV-2 genome contains 14 open reading frames, with ORF1a and ORF1b occupying two-thirds of the genome and encoding 16 non-structural proteins (Nsp1-16). Among these, the Nsp3 proteins play a pivotal role in the formation and activity of the viral replication complex.	The protein was exhibited to contain a non-conserved domain known as SARS-Unique Domain (SUD), which is not present in less pathogenic coronaviruses that infect humans, or incomplete in the Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus (MERS-CoV-2) Nsp3 protein.	SARS-CoV-2 replication relies on a series of interactions between viral proteins and various cellular partners like nucleic acids. Therefore, investigating these interactions is essential to showcase the process of viral replication.	The study	In the current study, the researchers from Institut Pasteur, the Ecole Polytechnique, the Institut Curie, Inserm, the CNRS, and the universities of Paris, Paris-Saclay, Bordeaux, and Toulouse decided to investigate whether a SUD domain is equally present in SARS-CoV-2 Nsp3. If this domain was present, the team aimed to analyze its ability to bind G4s and to see whether these interactions can be modulated by G4-ligands.	The study showed that the SARS-CoV-2 Nsp3 protein contains a SUD domain that interacts with specific DNA and RNA G4s but not with the putative G4s predicted in the SARS-CoV-2 genome. The team also found that these interactions can be disrupted by mutations preventing oligonucleotides from folding into G4 structures and by G4 ligands.	Potential therapeutic applications	Host-virus interactions represent promising targets for antiviral strategies. The study focused on the interaction between SARS-CoV-2’s SUD domain Nsp3 protein and the DNA or RNA G-quadruplexes. The interactions reflect a high therapeutic potential.	Also, the study results pave the way for further studies on the role of the SUD/G4 interactions during SARS-CoV-2 replication. It shows promise in the development of preventive therapeutics that can hinder SARS-CoV-2 reproduction.	Experiments are ongoing to determine the preferential partners of the SARS-CoV-2 SUD domain, more likely messenger RNAs (mRNAs) coding for proteins involved in the immune response, stress response, or inflammation.	“Our results, showing the capacity of some G4-ligands to inhibit the SARS-CoV-2 SUD/G4 interaction paves the way for a global screening of molecules able to inhibit this interaction and to test their antiviral properties,” the team concluded in the study.	Alongside the study, the researchers also developed G4 ligands. They demonstrated that these ligands, which hinder interactions between the SARS-CoV-2 protein and the G4 structure, elicit an antiviral activity. Hence, these structures could be used in therapeutics to combat the current pandemic.	As of July 26, 2021, the virus has affected 192 countries and territories. Among these, the United States reports the highest number of cases, topping 34.5 million cases, followed by India and Brazil, with over 31.41 million and 19.7 million cases, respectively.	Though over 3.87 billion vaccine doses have been administered, many countries still report surging cases brought about by emerging SARS-CoV-2 variants. Therefore, apart from vaccines, it is crucial to develop therapeutics to prevent and treat COVID-19.	Journal reference:	Lavigne, M., Helynck, O., Rigolet, P., et al. (2021). SARS-CoV-2 Nsp3 unique domain SUD interacts with guanine quadruplexes and G4-ligands inhibit this interaction. Nucleic Acids Research. https://academic.oup.com/nar/article/49/13/7695/6316836#272508508
0b8n09t7	http://www.semoball.com/wire/1223375	BOSTON (AP) -- Alex Verdugo hit a two-run homer in the eighth inning and the AL East-leading Boston Red Sox rallied late for the second straight game, beating Toronto 5-4 on Monday night in the opener of an important series for the Blue Jays.	Boston star Rafael Devers added a solo homer on the four-year anniversary of his first major-league shot.	Bo Bichette hit a two-run homer for fourth-place Toronto, which fell to 10{ games behind in the East.	Adam Ottavino (3-3) worked a scoreless inning for the win. Matt Barnes got the final three outs for his 22nd save.	Toronto starter Thomas Hatch made just his second big-league start after being sidelined with a shoulder impingement since spring training. The 26-year-old right-hander gave up three runs on seven hits in 3 2/3 innings. Trevor Richards (1-1) took the loss.	PHILLIES 6, NATIONALS 5	PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- Andrew McCutchen hit a three-run homer in the bottom of the ninth inning to give Philadelphia a victory over sinking Washington.	Rhys Hoskins also had a three-run homer for the second-place Phillies, who are 3 1/2 games behind the New York Mets in the NL East.	Jean Segura led off the ninth against Brad Hand (5-5) with a double. After J.T. Realmuto struck out, Bryce Harper walked. McCutchen drove the next pitch, a 92 mph sinker, to the opposite field and over the wall in right.	It was the second straight blown save for Hand.	Archie Bradley (5-1) allowed a run in the top of the ninth but got the win.	Josh Bell tripled and drove in two runs for the Nationals, who have lost five straight and 11 of 14.	BRAVES 2, METS 0, 1ST GAME	METS 1, BRAVES 0, 2ND GAME	NEW YORK (AP) -- Jeff McNeil laced his second go-ahead hit in two days when his RBI double in the fifth inning sent New York to a victory over Atlanta and a doubleheader split.	Kyle Muller threw five sharp innings to earn his second big league victory in the opener, a win for the Braves.	The Mets have split nine of their 11 doubleheaders this season and swept the other two.	Trevor May (3-2), the fourth of six Mets pitchers Monday night, threw a perfect fifth and earned the win.	Edwin Diaz struck out the side in a perfect seventh for his 22nd save.	In the first game, the 23-year-old Kyle Muller (2-3) gave up four hits and walked two while striking out three. He allowed the Mets to advance just two runners as far as second base.	Tyler Matzek threw a perfect sixth and Will Smith earned his 20th save.	Marcus Stroman (7-9) took the loss.	ROYALS 4, WHITE SOX 3	KANSAS CITY (AP) -- Jorge Soler hit two home runs for the second straight game and Kansas City extended its winning streak to six games with a win over Chicago.	Mike Minor (8-8) gave the Royals their fifth quality start in the last six games. He allowed two runs on three hits over six innings. He walked two and struck out seven. Scott Barlow worked the final two innings and picked up his sixth save.	Dallas Keuchel (7-4) took the loss after surrendering three solo home runs. He allowed four runs on six hits over six innings. He walked one and struck out three.	Andrew Benintendi helped the Royals extend the lead with a home run. He snapped an 0-for-13 skid with the homer.	The White Sox got a run in the ninth when Adam Engel singled in Yoan Moncada.
0b7FUEGH	https://lovelylittlekitchen.com/white-chocolate-raspberry-crisp-ice-cream/	Hello there… I guess this is the summer of ice cream here on Lovely Little Kitchen! I just can’t get enough, and this White Chocolate Raspberry Crisp Ice Cream might be my new favorite. I think you will love the crisp, buttery oats, tart swirls of raspberries, and creamy white chocolate base. All together, a scrumptious symphony of flavors!	What makes it so special? The texture of the ice cream base I used for this recipe is super smooth and creamy. When I’ve made other homemade ice cream recipes in the past, I’ve noticed they can have a sort of “crumbly” texture for lack of a better word. Because of the eggs used in this recipe, and the method used to incorporate them, the cream, milk, and sugar are chemically bound together more tightly.	You can make homemade ice cream without eggs and without cooking the base, but I definitely think the end result is inferior and it’s well worth the extra time and effort. The ice cream base recipe is from the blog, Ice Cream is My Love Language.	For this recipe, you will also need to bake up a sheet pan of the “crisp”. You’ll make more than you need, but it’s really nice to have a stash in the freezer for the next batch of ice cream. Trust me, you’ll want to make it again and again! It’s like making the top of an apple crisp, without the apples underneath. It might be my favorite part, and it is a versatile mix-in for so many ice cream flavors. Check out my Cookie Butter Crisp Ice Cream recipe for another way to use it.	One note on the white chocolate: Please be sure to use a good quality white chocolate bar (like Ghirardelli) rather than chips. It will melt more smoothly into the warm ice cream base. You could also omit this ingredient, and just add two teaspoons of vanilla extract if you wanted to simplify a bit.	I hope you get the chance to enjoy this White Chocolate Raspberry Crisp Ice Cream before summer is over. We’ve had lots of family in town this summer, and it’s been so fun for everyone to sit by the pool watching the kids swim in the evenings. It’s the perfect time to pull out a few flavors of homemade ice cream and some waffle cones to try to keep everyone cool.	Did you make this recipe?	Please let me know how it turned out for you! Leave a comment below and share a picture on Instagram with the hashtag #lovelylittlekitchen	Can't get enough?	Subscribe and I'll send all my recipes right to your inbox! You can also keep up to date by following me on Pinterest, Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter.	White Chocolate Raspberry Crisp Ice Cream	Prep Time: 1 hour	Cook Time: 30 minutes	Total Time: 1 hour 30 minutes	Yield: 1 1/2 quarts 1x
0b7nPXbP	https://www.nbclosangeles.com/news/sports/tokyo-summer-olympics/rancho-cucamonga-olympian-almost-didnt-make-it-to-tokyo-after-knee-injury-last-year/2648226/	Delaney Spaulding’s road to Tokyo began before she could even say the word softball.	“She was six weeks old when Amber was 10 and Amber was already in travel ball. Amber's her older sister, and we would take her to the field, and we would take her to the hotel rooms, and she would nap on the field,” her mother, Yvonne Spaulding, said.	Now, 26 years later, her proud family and friends get to watch the now Olympian achieve a lifelong dream in front of an international audience at an emotional watch party in her hometown of Rancho Cucamonga.	“Tuesday morning, four o’clock here, everyone shows up.”	It brought the man who coached her as a kid to tears.	“That's my little girl. That’s it,” her father, Bill Spaulding, said.	At one point, her biggest fans held their breath for her almost historic at bat.	“She was so close at gettin’ that grand slam, but it’s so exciting, so exciting!”	The Spaulding's have never missed one of Delaney’s games, both as a child and when the young athlete later went on to star at UCLA.	“When I had my first son, they were playing Oregon and the game was on in my delivery room,” her sister, Ariana Whitehouse, said.	Delaney’s dream of playing in the Olympics almost didn’t happen after a knee injury last year.	“She was very motivated, very motivated to get better and to do it in a certain amount of time that she had. She had less than a year,” Yvonne said.	Now, the year that Delaney plays, is the first time softball’s been in the Olympics since 2008.	Delaney is now one of the women she looked up to her whole life.	“It’s amazing not just for her, but women’s sports and all the girls on USA softball,” Ariana said.
0b8fk5l2	https://www.aberdeennews.com/story/news/courts/2021/07/26/sisseton-man-sentenced-abusive-sexual-contact/8064371002/	A Sisseton man was sentenced to more than 16 years in prison on a charge of abusive sexual contact.	According to a news release from the U.S. Attorney's Office, Okokipe Jones, 47, was sentenced to 200 months in federal prison and 10 years of supervised release and must pay a $100 special assessment to the Federal Crime Victims Fund. He was sentenced at the Aberdeen federal courthouse.	Jones was indicted in September and pleaded guilty in April. The conviction stems from incidents in July of 2010 in Roberts County on the Lake Traverse Reservation. Jones knowingly engaged in or attempted to engage in sexual contact with a 12-year-old girl by touching, either directly or through her clothing, her genitalia, anus, groin, breast, inner thigh, and buttocks, according to the release.
0b8n04TU	https://www.msnbc.com/the-last-word/watch/rep-allred-shares-inspirational-stories-of-texas-families-helped-by-child-tax-credit-117429317744	Rep. Colin Allred joins Lawrence O’Donnell to discuss how the child tax credit payments are already having a positive impact on Texas families in his district, the importance of paid family leave, and how Democrats are fighting to pass more benefits like child care that will improve the lives of families: “It’s time that we have our policies catch up to what’s going on in our families.”July 27, 2021
0b8n02i2	https://www.chatsports.com/memphis-grizzlies/a/source/available-options-if-the-grizzlies-move-up-to-the-10th-overall-pick-16708335	Jaren Jackson Jr., Memphis Grizzlies (Photo by Justin Ford/Getty Images)	The Memphis Grizzlies had their best season since the beginning of the team’s rebuild a few years ago. They went 38-34, earned a spot in the play-in tournament, and won, sending themselves into the NBA Playoffs.	It was a strong season but set them back in the 2021 NBA Draft, where they landed at the 17th-overall spot. Even so, it never seemed like Memphis would stick with that pick, as they are seemingly a piece away from being an extremely competitive team.
0b8n06Ew	https://www.chatsports.com/memphis-grizzlies/a/source/what-happens-to-justise-winslow-after-grizzlies-trade-with-pelicans-16708681	Memphis Grizzlies, Justise Winslow, Steven Adams, Eric Bledsoe, National Basketball Association, Memphis, Duke Blue Devils men's basketball	Justise Winslow, Memphis Grizzlies (Photo by Meg Oliphant/Getty Images)	For Memphis Grizzlies fans, the last few hours may seem like a dream. Who saw this trade coming?	The Grizzlies dealt out Jonas Valanciunas for a lot in return. An upgrade in both of their draft picks, moving them to the 10th-overall pick and the 40th-overall pick in the 2021 NBA Draft. They also brought in Steven Adams, who will fill in as a more defensive-minded option at the center position. The Grizzlies will maintain a physical presence down low.	Generally speaking, this trade doesn’t impact the Grizzlies roster very much, at least until the 2021 NBA Draft rolls around.
0b8n077f	https://kion546.com/news/national-world/cnn-world/2021/07/26/cn-tower-fast-facts/	Here’s some background information about the CN Tower, or Canada’s National Tower.	Standing 1,815 feet (553.33m), it is the tallest freestanding structure in the Western Hemisphere. The CN Tower is located on Front Street in Toronto’s entertainment district. It attracts more than 1.5 million visitors each year.	Other Facts	Rogers Centre, home of the baseball team the Toronto Blue Jays, is located next to the tower.	The highest observation deck, the SkyPod stands 1,465 feet (447m). On a clear day, visitors can see Niagara Falls from the Sky Pod.	The Glass Floor level is 1,122 feet (342m) off the ground.	The antenna is 335 feet (102m) tall and it carries radio, television and cellular telephone signals.	The tower has a rotating eatery called the 360 Restaurant.	Visitors must pass through metal detectors and all bags are subject to inspection.	It is a BOMA BEST Certified Gold Building.	Timeline	February 6, 1973 – Canadian National Railways begins construction on the tower.	– One of the reasons it is built is to eliminate the problem of poor television signals in the area.	– Construction takes approximately 40 months	– The completed structure weighs 130,000 tons and costs $63 million (Canadian dollars) to build.	June 26, 1976 – The tower opens to the public.	October 1, 1976 – The tower’s official grand opening ceremony takes place.	June 26, 1994 – The Glass Floor opens.	1995 – The tower is named one of the Seven Wonders of the Modern World by the American Society of Civil Engineers.	August 1, 2011 – EdgeWalk opens on the roof of the tower’s restaurant. The EdgeWalk is a circular outdoor ledge 1,168 feet (356m) above the ground. Visitors walk around while attached to an overhead safety rail.	August 2015 – A wheelchair-accessible version of the EdgeWalk debuts.	June 2017 – The LookOut Level, a viewing platform with floor-to-ceiling window walls and a glass floor, is unveiled. The LookOut level is located 1,136 feet (346 meters) above the ground.	June 2018 – A renovation project is completed on the LookOut Level, with the opening of a new eatery called the Bistro. The platform is designed to be more accessible to those with disabilities.	The-CNN-Wire	™ & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.
0b8n0Gyx	https://www.republicanherald.com/news/education/mahanoy-area-revising-bus-stops-amid-driver-shortage/article_047f2684-3ce2-5241-babb-f2aa92f2ed9d.html	MAHANOY CITY — A revised list of school bus routes that eliminates some stops was approved by the Mahanoy Area school board at its Thursday meeting.	The bus schedules are subject to tweaking as the routes are further examined, and that includes having drivers run the routes to test times.	Business Administrator John J. Hurst said there are some stop changes that will probably be questioned by parents.	“As we have been saying, we were short three drivers through the school year, and now we’ll have a fourth, and tonight we’ll have a CDL driver resigning,” Hurst told the board. “The administration team sat down and went over some stop eliminations, and the router took that data and came up with some routes to absorb without the four drivers who are no longer with us.”	Hurst said the adjustment was done so that the starting times for junior-senior high students and elementary students would remain the same. Board President Steve Gnall said without adjusting, elementary students would have to start at 9 a.m. and the high school at 7:30 a.m.	“That will mean that elementary won’t get out until 4:30, and after-school programs won’t be done until 7:30 (p.m.), and it will push everything back,” he said. “I want to make sure that this is put out now.”	“The ultimate intent,” said Hurst, “is to fill those positions and get back to where we are, but unfortunately we’re not at that position now. We are not the only district dealing with this.”	“We are doing the best we can,” Director of Transportation Renay Backes added.	Students attending a Schuylkill Technology School campus, Gillingham Charter School or Nativity BVM High School in Pottsville will ride their neighborhood bus to Mahanoy Area High School in the morning and transfer to Bus 6 for the trip to the other school.	Students attending Marian Catholic High School or St. Jerome Regional School will do the same and transfer to Bus 1.	“The stops that are listed on the website are only for stop locations and the times are subject to change,” Hurst said. “Parents should watch for an actual letter via U.S. mail for the times for pickup. The times on the stops are estimated times until we actually do what they call a ‘dry run.’”	For special education students, parents should watch their mail for their student’s transportation letter.	To view the bus stops lists, go to www.mabears.net, click on “Mahanoy Area Bus Stops for the 2021-2022 School Year” link in the “News and Announcements” section, and download the PDF lists.	In other business, the board approved:	• County repository sales: 533 and 535 W. South St. to Melvin Osorio at $400 and $500, respectively; 137 W. Maple St. to Andres Rodriquez and Yekeiry Peralta at $1,270.	• Sale of a surplus desktop computer to district Technology Director Paul Babinsky, $150.	• Purchase of a cyber-liability policy through Travelers Insurance for the 2021-22 school year, $9,785.	• A proposal from PenTeleData, Palmerton, for internet service for 60 months at $640 per month and a one-time cost for ethernet private line service of $16,676. The service cost will be eligible for E-Rate reimbursement of 90%.	• The sale of a surplus 2008 Chevrolet minivan through sealed bid.	• A proposal from American Computer, Frackville, for installation of ethernet cable required for the new phone system at a cost of $6,750, which will be paid from the ESSER II grant.	• Purchase of Social Emotional Learning software for a five-year term from Rhithm Inc., Fort Worth, Texas, at a cost of $31,500, which will be paid from the ESSER II grant.	• An agreement with Safety Net Counseling Inc., Atlas, for intensive behavioral health services for the 2021-22 school year.
0b8n0CS3	https://www.bjpenn.com/mma-news/chan-sung-jung-the-korean-zombie/the-korean-zombie-says-nate-diaz-is-villain-of-all-villains/	Chan Sung Jung, AKA ‘The Korean Zombie’ is a fan favorite in the UFC. So is Nate Diaz. Both fighters have enjoyed storied careers in the Octagon, with TKZ’s eight performances bonuses the joint-most in featherweight history.	Speaking on his YouTube channel, TKZ hailed the importance of antagonists in the UFC and name-checked Diaz as having a crucial part to play in generating interest.	“[Nate Diaz] is the villains of all villains. Actually, I take that back. Nate Diaz is not a villain. He’s just someone crazy,” said the Korean.	Aside from Diaz, The Korean Zombie also named Colby Covington. The number #1-ranked welterweight infamously ‘turned heel’ in 2017. Whether or not this was the ‘right’ move for the American is up for debate. But he’s certainly enjoyed success in recent years, and is scheduled for another crack at the title when he rematches Kamaru Usman at UFC 268.	According to The Korean Zombie’s logic, Covington’s decision to play the bad guy may well have been the way to go after all.	“Villains have the most popularity,” said TKZ.	“MMA wouldn’t be MMA without the presence of the villains. A hero fighting another hero? Now, that’s no fun. The two must have hatred towards one another for the fight to be fun. There is Colby Covington, for example. Colby Covington was once a sweet fighter, but after almost being kicked out of the UFC for having less than average fights, he changed and found a new character to be,” he added.	Indeed, whether you could consider Diaz a ‘villain,’ or ‘just someone crazy’ he certainly sells pay-per-views. Both of his encounters with Conor McGregor remain in the top 5 list for best-selling UFC PPV’s of all-time.	Covington has had less success in that regard, but his first encounter with Usman was widely viewed as one of the best fights of the year.	Do you agree with what the The Korean Zombie is saying…Are villains essential in MMA?
0b8n0BZK	https://www.trentonian.ca/entertainment/study-plan-support-bid-for-filmmaking-fund-for-kingston-and-area	Author of the article:	Publishing date:	Jul 26, 2021 • 2 hours ago •	Article content	A new study and action plan announced by the Kingston Film Office on Monday are to support a bid for a $25-million production accelerator fund from province.	Story continues below	This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.	Article content	Regional Tourism Office 9, or RTO 9, is kicking in $20,000 for a “Regional Expansion & Support Study,” which is to assess and create an inventory of current resources, assets and processes from Belleville to Cornwall to strengthen southeastern Ontario’s profile as a filmmaking destination.	The “Hyperlocal Original Screen-Based Content” action plan created by area producer J Joly — which is “to explore recommendations and models for supporting more independent end-to-end production locally,” Monday’s news release from the film office reads — is being funded by the Ontario Creates Business Intelligence Program along with Kingston EcDev, Frontenac Business Services, Upper Canada Equity Fund and, of course, the Kingston Film Office. It is supported by the County of Frontenac.	A recent feature film shoot in Verona and the surrounding area is a “great example” of the hyperlocal idea and how they are trying to build infrastructure that would make TV and film productions more attractive, Kingston film commissioner Alex Jansen said.	Often, locals are used as background extras, but the hope is to build up the catalogue of capable crew available.	“So when we had that feature shooting, we ended up supporting it to the tune of $10,000 through our usual incentive funds, but we also ended up doing all kinds of different areas,” Jansen said.	“So instead of it just being like location support personnel or background extras, we had people shadowing in the camera department, in the grip department. So we had community involved in all of these different areas, and that’s how you can build up more of a crew base that makes it more attractive to set up businesses in town.”	Story continues below	This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.	Article content	The city has increased the film office’s access to its Destination Fund to help entice productions this way, Jansen said.	“We used to have an incentive pool of about $40,000,” Jansen said, “and now we have up to $200,000. So that’s a larger incentive pool to bring things together.”	Both the study with RTO 9 and hyperlocal action plan support the pitch of a $25-million South Eastern Ontario Production Accelerator Fund, or SEOPAF, that is being proposed to the provincial government.	“There are multiple different initiatives that are tied to this larger goal, which is exactly what we do as a business: attracting film and TV production,” Jansen said. So we’re kind of hitting on various fronts.”	Share this article in your social network
0b8n080O	https://www.chatsports.com/memphis-grizzlies/a/source/what-are-the-memphis-grizzlies-going-to-do-with-eric-bledsoe-16708644	Eric Bledsoe, Memphis Grizzlies Mandatory Credit: Chuck Cook-USA TODAY Sports	The Memphis Grizzlies just pulled off one of the more high-profile trades in recent memory, sending Jonas Valanciunas to New Orleans for Steven Adams, Eric Bledsoe, and a handful of upgraded 2021 NBA Draft picks.	While Steven Adams is a serviceable player who can step right into the Grizzlies’ starting lineup, there are more question marks surrounding the other player attached in the trade in Eric Bledsoe.	Bledsoe is still a pretty strong NBA player, but his numbers don’t agree with the salary that he was promised.
0b8n0F6E	https://dirtywatermedia.com/watermelon-sugar-high/	Pink Taco in Boston has launched their new seasonal Watermelon Cadillac Margarita. This drink will only be offered in a single size, there will be no pitcher or globe.	Watermelon Cadillac Margarita at Pink Taco	Price: $17	Description: Patrón Reposado, fresh watermelon purée, triple sec, house-made sweet & sour and Cointreau noir	Pink Taco	Living by the mantra “Make Tacos, Not War” Pink Taco simply throws a party every day with amazing food, drinks, rock n’ roll and lots of friends. Not just a restaurant, but a destination. Pink Taco keeps it real and uncomplicated.	They serve simple, relevant and venturesome dishes you will crave in a restoring, energized atmosphere filled with great music and people. Their food ranges from light to decadent – never trendy, but constantly inspired, at Pink Taco it is all delicious and memorable.	Be sure to visit their Boston location in the Seaport Neighborhood at 374 Congress St, Boston, MA 02210	Tags	Pink Taco	Seaport District	Watermelon Margarita	Previous articleSI SWIMSUIT CELEBRATES 2021 ISSUE WITH A WEEKEND OF CELEBRATION AT SEMINOLE HARD ROCK HOTEL & CASINO	Next articleSafe & Fun Outdoor Cape Adventure!	One of the founders of Dirty Water Media, Julie Fairweather serves as the company’s managing editor, marketing director and contributing writer/producer. In addition to her work with Dirty Water Media, Julie is also an award-winning journalist with 20+ years experience developing marketing and public relations strategies for emerging businesses. Julie has also worked as an assignment manager and reporter for WLVI-TV 56 in Boston and a news anchor and reporter from an NBC affiliate in North Platte, NE. Julie is a past President and former Executive Director of The Publicity Club of New England, a 300-member trade organization for the Greater Boston public relations community. She also taught broadcast journalism and radio and television producing at her alma mater Emerson College in Boston, MA. Her most accomplished position is as the mother to her three amazing children.
0b8n0LOa	https://www.fashiongonerogue.com/how-to-get-a-good-nights-sleep-the-night-before-your-wedding/	You had the rehearsal, you’ve reserved the perfect venue, everything’s all set for the big day, right? It’sIt’s going to be the best day ever, so why can’t you get to sleep? First, it’s completely normal to have some jitters that keep you up the night before your wedding. However, the good news is that you don’t have to let poor sleep leave you a zombie on the big day. If you want to wake up well-rested and ready to walk down the aisle with a smile, here are five tips to get to sleep the night before tying the knot:	1. Take It Easy on the Booze	Many couples have a big party the night before getting married, but overdoing it can wreck your sleep. According to The Cleveland Clinic, alcohol before bed can lead to disruptions in your sleep cycles. On top of that, alcohol can cause nightmares and breathing problems while you sleep. Like with all things, moderation should be your guide if you choose to drink the night before your wedding.	2. Sleep on a Quality Mattress	Another key to getting the best rest before tying the knot is to choose a quality mattress. Suppose you’re sleeping in your place the night before; this won’t necessarily be an issue. The problem comes in when you have a destination wedding where you may be sleeping in a hotel or other accommodations. If you’re going to be away from home the night before your wedding, try to book a room with a bed that closely resembles your own.	For example, if you have a firm twin mattress at home, try to book a room that has the same. You may have to call around to find the best twin mattress, but it’s usually worth the extra effort since this is an essential aspect of getting the proper sleep.	3. Invite a Friend to Stay with You the Day Before	Tradition often calls for the bride and groom not to see one another on the wedding day before the ceremony. If you follow this tradition, you will likely be sleeping separately if you already live with your spouse-to-be.	This can lead to additional anxiety if you’re used to having your partner at home, so consider inviting a close friend or family member to stay with you instead. This can give you someone to talk to if you start to get a bit antsy, and it can also provide you with peace in knowing that a trusted person is at home with you.	4. Eat Right & Exercise	Eating right and exercising is part of healthy living all year long, but doing these things is even more critical when you’re facing a stressful situation. Consuming heavy, greasy food the night before your wedding can disturb your sleep, cause you to feel bloated, and may even lead to breakouts.	Instead of chowing down on unhealthy eats, consider having an early dinner with foods like salmon or avocado. These are packed with healthy omega-3 fatty acids and can lend themselves to better health and smoother skin. With better digestion comes a better chance to catch some Z’s, so consider including a probiotic in your diet as well to get good rest.	When it comes to working out, please don’t overdo it. You may be trying to shed that last pound before your wedding day, but the truth is that you’re better off spending that time relaxing. Get in a light workout that includes some cardio, and then call it a night so that you can get optimal sleep.	5. Make a List	If you find your mind racing with thoughts of “what ifs” and questions about whether you finished everything you need to get done, consider making a list. This list can include all of the things you’re concerned about, along with solutions.	Even if you can’t implement the solutions you write, making this list can help your mind wind down since you will have at least put the issue to rest for the night in your mind. Lying awake and wondering can get your heart rate up and lead to more anxiety. This cycle can build upon itself and cause you to feel tired and worn down the next day.	In the end, getting good sleep the night before your wedding comes down to allowing yourself to feel the jitters and then letting them go. This is a big moment, yes, but don’t take it or yourself too seriously. No matter what, you’re going to have a blast, marry your sweetheart and go on to experience all kinds of new things together. Congratulations!
0b8n0NA2	https://kion546.com/news/national-world/cnn-national/2021/07/26/authorities-identify-the-final-victim-in-the-surfside-collapse-ending-a-month-long-search-and-recovery-operation/	The last remaining missing person from the Champlain Towers South building collapse in Surfside, Florida, was identified Monday, ending a month-long search and recovery operation.	Estelle Hedaya was the remaining victim who had not yet been identified, leaving her family in limbo until today.	“It was obviously tough to hear directly, but I can definitely see and feel the sense of relief [my parents] got knowing my sister can rest in peace,” Ikey Hedaya, Estelle’s brother, told CNN. “This month has been excruciating to say the least.”	A section of the Champlain Towers South condo building crumbled on June 24 as many residents slept, an as-yet unexplained tragedy that shattered a small coastal community in South Florida.	After weeks of combing through a pile of metal and concrete looking for victims, Miami Dade Mayor Daniella Levine Cava said 98 victims have now been identified, including 97 victims who were recovered from the collapse and one person who died in the hospital. Ninety-eight families have been notified, and all 97 people for whom there was a missing persons report have been recovered.	A total of 242 people are accounted for, Levine Cava said.	The site of the collapse had been mostly cleared and the debris has been relocated as of late last week, Miami Dade County Mayor Daniella Levine Cava said.	As time went by, it became clear that it was unlikely teams would find survivors. But the search was relentless, with only pauses for dangerous weather conditions and the destruction of the rest of the tower.	Officials had promised families that they would not let up until all of their loved ones were found. Now, that promise has been fulfilled.	Levine Cava said the collapse was “the largest non-hurricane related emergency response in the history of our state.” While nothing can bring back the victims of the collapse, Levine Cava said “we have done everything possible to bring closure to the families.”	For the past 33 days, first responders “have searched the rubble as if they were searching for one of their own,” the mayor said.	“Nothing, we can say or do will bring back these 90 angels who left behind grieving families, beloved friends, loved ones across this community and across the world,” Levine Cava said. “But we have done everything possible to bring closure to the families, and I am especially proud that through these tireless efforts, we were able, at last, to bring closure to all those who reported missing loved ones.”	Some families torn apart, others gone entirely	Victims of the tragedy ranged in age from 1 to 92, and the families grieving them represented the diversity of the small cosmopolitan town.	The tight-knit Jewish community mourned their loved ones, as did families from as far as Argentina, Paraguay and Colombia.	Some, like Jonathan Epstein, lost both of his parents, Bonnie and David.	In other cases, entire families were wiped out in a moment, as was the case with Anaely Rodriguez, Marcus Guara and the children Lucia and Emma Guara.	Sergio Lozano had dinner with his parents hours before the collapse, he told CNN’s Randi Kaye. After dinner, he hugged and kissed his parents.	“That was it,” he said.	Lozano went home to his condo just two blocks away, and heard the thunderous sound of his parents’ home coming down.	The stories of families that died together or were torn apart vary, but the experiences of those left behind were eerily similar: a glimpse of the news, frantic calls and texts that went unanswered and the agony of waiting out the search until they learned what happened.	Investigation into collapse will begin	Now authorities can turn their attention to the investigation of what caused the collapse.	The Miami-Dade Fire Department transitioned the search and recovery effort to the police department.	The first night that he was on the scene, structural engineer Allyn Kilsheimer, who also investigated the aftermath of the 9/11 attack on the Pentagon, said he had about 20 or 30 theories of possible triggers.	Since then, he eliminated some but added five or six more, he said, but won’t be able to narrow it down while the search continues.	Investigators were brought on to the incident quickly after the building collapsed, but much of their work had to wait until the search was over and police and rescue teams were through with the site.	“Until they do their job, we can’t go in to do samples of materials and take those samples and test them to understand what the various components of the building that came down was,” Kilsheimer told CNN’s Ana Cabrera.	Florida State Attorney Katherine Fernandez Rundle has acknowledged “multiple requests by engineers and attorneys” to gain access to the site.	“Engineers from the federal agency National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) were deployed to Surfside with Congressional authority to gather evidence and determine how and why the Champlain South Tower collapsed. NIST is the fact-finding agency responsible for investigating building collapses such as the World Trade Center, much like the NTSB investigates plane crashes,” Rundle said in a statement.	“It is my understanding that once NIST, the Miami-Dade Fire Rescue and Miami-Dade Police Departments determine that it is safe and appropriate for others to gain access to the site, they will be permitted to do so under guidelines set forth by those agencies,” Rundle said.	The-CNN-Wire	™ & © 2021 Cable News Network, Inc., a WarnerMedia Company. All rights reserved.	CNN’s Paul Murphy, Travis Caldwell, Rosa Flores, Rebekah Riess, Leyla Santiago, Claudia Dominguez and Tina Burnside contributed to this report.
0b8n0Jd8	https://www.republicanherald.com/massive-bottled-beverage-facility-in-hazle-twp-nears-75-completion/article_21c1de4b-45c7-5c9a-9138-7fe4644a3a19.html	A massive building in Hazle Township that will house a bottled beverage manufacturing facility is nearly 75% complete and will continue to grow as work progresses at the site, a building inspector for the township said.	Meanwhile, Hazleton City Authority and Niagara continue working out terms for water service for the facility, an authority official said.	While Niagara officials remained tight-lipped about developments at the site, local officials shared what they know as construction continues on nearly 92 acres off Route 924, between Timberline Drive and Chestnut Hill Drive in Humboldt Industrial Park North.	Gary Sanzi, a building inspector for the township, said he’s of the understanding that Niagara will produce purified and spring water at the building and, possibly, a sports drink.	“They’re supposed to manufacture their own bottles, print labels, bottle it and (send it) out the door,” Sanzi said Thursday afternoon.	Sanzi said the project involved a substantial amount of earth work, as crews set up a portable concrete plant on site for footers and floors.	Crews moved an estimated 750,000 yards of material at the site and completed a substantial amount of concrete work, he said.	“When they start the floors … for each section, they do like 1,200 yards (of concrete) at a time,” Sanzi said. “That’s like 120 truckloads. That’s for one pour. There’s 40-some pours.”	Although he didn’t run the numbers, Sanzi said he was told that roof itself is 26 acres.	“It’s a very big job,” he said.	For as much work that’s finished, township engineer Joseph Calabrese estimates that the building structure is about 75% complete.	Sanzi said that he visits the site nearly every day. More recently, crews have been pouring footers.	“They got about another 500 feet of footers and walls to put up,” he said.	More work planned	Warrior Trail Properties, of Diamond Bar, California, is listed as the owner, according to Lee Ann Kasha, the township’s planning department secretary.	Warrior Trail secured zoning approval in January and got a building permit the following month.	Construction isn’t limited to the building, as the project will require utility, traffic and stormwater improvements, Calabrese said.	The project includes work to extend Chestnut Hill Drive from Route 924 north toward the project site. A cul-de-sac will be built at the end of the extended roadway and a right turn lane and traffic signal will be installed where Chestnut Hill intersects with Route 924, Calabrese said.	Plans call for building an additional access driveway from Scotch Pine Drive, as well as parking facilities and space for trailer storage, underground utilities, fencing, sidewalks and stormwater management facilities, Calabrese said.	The firm secured a variance from the zoning board in January for 893 parking spaces.	Work is underway to extend a water line to the site along Route 924 but work to extend a sanitary sewer did not begin, he said.	About 40% of the stormwater conveyance system has been installed and that should resume in the the next few weeks, Calabrese estimates.	Other developments	Negotiations for water service have been underway for about a year, Hazleton City Authority Director of Operations Scot Burkhardt said.	Officials can’t provide details because negotiations are ongoing, but Burkhardt said talks generally involve “the different processes of getting them water and who’s paying for what.”	“We’ve agreed to put a mainline extension in there,” he said. “Now, it’s a matter of providing the appropriate pressure and volume of water they’ve asked for.”	Public relations officials with Niagara did not respond to a request for comment Wednesday. A corporate marketing and communications manager did not respond to a call for comment Friday.
0b8n0RRi	https://bellemeadeumc.org/staff-blog/2021/7/26/wanna-play	“Creativity is not a noun or even a verb––it is a place, a space, a gathering, a union, a where––wherein the Divine powers of creativity and the human power of imagination join forces.”	“When the Bible declares that we are made in the ‘image and likeness’ of the Creator, it is affirming that creativity is at our core just as it lies at the core of the Creator of all things.”	–– Matthew Fox, Creativity: Where the Divine and Human Meet	If you ask a room full of young children if they are an artist, they will most likely all answer with a resounding “yes.” If you ask them if they are a singer or a dancer, they will most likely have a similar response. Children by nature seem to have innate creativity coupled with an innate belief in their own abilities.	If you ask a room full of adults if they are an artist, unless they are professionally trained, they will most likely answer with a resounding “no.” If you ask them if they are a singer or a dancer, they will most likely have a similar response.	At what point do we lose this innate creativity and belief in our own abilities? Further, what does it say about our belief in our Creator if we suggest we are no longer creative?	The great spiritual thinker and theologian St. Thomas Aquinas suggests that, “God is an Artist and the universe is God’s work of art.” Taking this statement a step further and pairing it with the quote from Matthew Fox above, I would argue that if God is Artist and Creator and thus creative, then being made in God’s image, we are both a creator and creative as well. This is not to say that we are God, nor that we are a creator in the same way as God, but it is to say that we are made to take part in creating and being creative.	Children have yet to forget this truth. They have yet to have this truth linked with performance and critiqued out of them. As an artist, I understand the need for having critique and for working to perfect one’s craft. However, I fear that sometimes this critique and pursuit of perfection has been overzealous at times, thus leaving us subconsciously and consciously suggesting that art is only about creating “good” art. But what if the goal of art is not just good art? What if the goal of art is more linked with play, space, and rest?	Play is about being fully present in the moment, getting lost in the act of whatever you are doing, finding joy, and being yourself. In this way, play becomes a space to be. In the same way, creativity can offer a similar space. However, If we relegate creativity solely to the trained artists among us, we could be missing out on all that creativity has to offer.	Yesterday, Pastor Sam spoke in her sermon about creative rest. She shared about Pam Grout and a Ted Talk where Pam argues that everyone is creative and that we have, in a sense, lost our concept that creativity is within all people. Pam also argues that we have somehow relegated art and creativity to certain professions or types of people and that in the process we have lost something we need to regain. Last, Pam argues that each of us has an “artistic blessing” to share with the world.	I couldn't agree more. But how will we access these blessings? Perhaps we just need to remember. Perhaps we just need to return to that childlike space where we were innately creative. In this way, we could approach creativity with a spirit of childlike wonder, belief, and play. In the midst of remembering our creativity, getting lost in play and possibly found, we just might bless ourselves and others, and in the process find the rest, joy, and happiness we so often seek. Sounds like something I wanna play. Wanna join me?	Link to Pam Grout’s Ted Talk
0b7KLcvt	https://yummynotes.net/mini-pancake-recipe/	Pancake is the classic item of American breakfast. The journey of pancakes to the past goes back to the stone age. But the first written use of the word pancake is found in a cookbook in the early 1430s. Those who made the first pancakes were probably the first to domesticate the wheat in their lands. Pancakes have been the most preferred food in the history of many cultures for centuries. Pancakes come in a variety of flavors, including chocolate pancakes, peanut butter pancakes, and orange pancakes that we’ve all tried at least once. Today we are going to be a little creative and make mini pancakes or pancake cereal. This is the easiest and best mini pancake recipe that you are ever going to make!	What You Need To Make Mini Pancakes	egg	sugar	milk	flour	baking powder	vanilla extract	Pro Tips To Make Mini Pancakes	The most important tip is the consistency of the batter. If the batter is too runny, pancakes will spread as soon as you pour them, they will not be the size you want and they will be thin instead of fluffy.	Use a small fork to flip pancakes. When making mini pancakes, the most challenging step is to flip the pancakes. You may find it difficult to flip them with a spatula.	The temperature of the pan is another important tip. You should definitely pour batter into a heated and lightly oiled pan. These pancakes are very small and burn quickly if the heat is high.	How To Serve Mini Pancakes?	You can serve mini pancakes in the form of breakfast bowls or as a dessert. You can drizzle Nutella or chocolate sauce on your mini pancakes. Also, You can serve them in bowls by pouring milk on them and even adding dried fruits.	Did you like the eggless tiramisu recipe? Leave your comment below and If you make this recipe, be sure to tag your photos #yummynotes	Ingredients	1 egg	1 tablespoon sugar	1/2 cup milk	3/4 cup flour	1 teaspoon baking powder	1 teaspoon vanilla extract	Instructions	Step 1	Beat eggs and sugar well with a whisk.	Step 2	Add milk, flour, baking powder, and vanilla extract and mix well.	Step 3	Grease a non-stick pan with a small amount of oil.	Step 4	Pour the batter you have prepared into the heated pan with a teaspoon. If available, you can use a piping bag.	Step 5	Flip them carefully when they start to color and become golden brown.	Step 6	Put the pancakes that are cooked on both sides in a bowl. You can top them with fruits of your choice, sweeten them with peanut butter, honey, Nutella, chocolate chips, or pour milk and consume it like cereal.
0b7KVOz5	https://thecookingspoon.org/2021/07/25/thai-peanut-curry-with-chicken-meatballs-and-zucchini/	Curries are always a great hit in our home, whether it’s just us or whether we have guests joining us for dinner. It’s so easy to prepare, everyone loves a Curry and it can be made in advance. This particular Curry is one I make very often because we love Thai Curries and also because it has Peanut butter in it. We love all things Peanut sauce, have you tried our Sate sauce?	TIP: I usually double the sauce and freeze half for later in small containers, it works so well for a quick dinner.	Prep time : 20 min	Cooking time : 20 min	Serves : 4	INGREDIENTS:	Meatballs	• 1 lb./450 gr. Ground chicken	• 1 clove garlic, grated	• 1 tsp. soy sauce	• 1 tsp. fish sauce	• 1 tsp. Thai red curry paste	• Ground pepper	• Grated lime zest, just a little bit	Curry sauce	• 2 tablespoons coconut oil	• 2 medium shallots, minced	• 2 inches fresh ginger, peeled and grated or minced	• 3 garlic cloves, grated or minced	• 1 zucchini in bite-size pieces	• 2 tablespoons Thai red curry paste	• ¼ cup creamy peanut butter	• 1 can coconut milk, 13.5 oz./400 ml.	• 1 tbsp. Palm sugar or brown sugar	• About ½-1 cup water	• 1 tbsp. Fish sauce (adjust to taste)	• Juice of ½ – 1 lime (adjust to taste)	• fresh cilantro, rice and chopped nuts for serving	More Thai ideas:	INSTRUCTIONS:	1. In a large bowl, add the chicken mince and add the garlic, soy sauce, fish sauce, Thai red curry paste, ground pepper and lime zest. Mix to combine and shape into meatballs about the size of a golf ball, set aside.	2. In a large pot, bring the oil to medium heat. Add the shallots, and cook for 3 minutes, or until translucent. Next add the ginger and garlic. Stir and continue to cook for about 5 more minutes.	3. Now add the curry paste, stir for a minute and add the peanut butter, fish sauce, sugar and coconut milk and water, bring to a simmer. Carefully add the meatballs.	4. Bring to a simmer again and cover partially with a lid, cook for about 15 minutes then add the Zucchini, cover and cook for another 5 to 10 minutes or until Zucchini is bite tender. Check throughout cooking if you need to add more water.	5. Add the lime juice and check the seasoning, add more fish sauce if you want it saltier. I always check that the meatballs are fully cooked by cutting one in half.	6. Serve warm over cooked rice, with more cilantro, lime wedges and some chopped nuts.	Enjoy!
0b7wjwyF	https://sweetcaramelsunday.com/herb-salad/	Jump to Recipe	Herb Salad is a light salad using mixed herb leaves with a simple dressing. Quick and easy, it pairs well with chicken, fish and steak.	Recipes like my Caprese Salad, Panzanella Salad and Burrata Salad bring colour and texture to the table! The Caprese Pesto Pasta Salad is hearty and full of yum!	Pair them with recipes like the Air Fryer Chicken Skewers, Air Fryer Chicken Legs or Air Fryer Roast Chicken for relationships that last a lifetime!	Recipe highlights	This is a simple, quick and easy salad that takes less than 10 minutes to make!	Use your own fresh garden herbs or pop to the shop and gather for a nice change to a traditional rocket or lettuce based salad.	Allow the white wine vinegar to elevate the dish to the next level of deliciousness and bring the parmesan and capers for pops of variety and texture	Ingredients needed	Everything you need to make the salad is shown in the photo below. Each are simple ingredients and easy to find!	As you can see, the recipe calls for:	mixed herbs (I am using basil, curly leaf and flat leaf parsley)	parmesan cheese (shaved version)	capers (reserve a little of the brine)	caper brine (liquid that capers have been in)	white wine vinegar	salt and pepper	One of the reasons I started developing the recipe for this salad is to utilize my home grown garden herbs.	It is so enjoyable to pop outside with some kitchen scissors, snip away to gather some herbs and return to the kitchen to create with them.	You can use a combination of any mixed herbs you choose. We do cut the stems from the leaves and give them a good rinse to begin!	Instructions	Here are the step by step instructions to make this sauce.	You will need kitchen scissors to start as we need to snip off the stems from the herb leaves.	rinse herbs and shake off excess water (Photo 1)	snip off the stems of the herb leaves (Photo 2)	add capers to the herbs (Photo 3)	followed by parmesan cheese (Photo 4)	The herbs, capers and cheese will be reasonably dry ingredients as the capers have been drained prior to use.	If you are not looking to serve the salad straight away, then you can combine the dressing, but hold off tossing and dressing until ready to serve.	gather the dressing ingredients (Photo 5)	combine in a small bowl and whisk till consistently mixed (Photo 6)	The dressing is a simple combination of white wine vinegar, caper brine seasoned with salt and pepper.	All we need to do is whisk these ingredients together!	The caper brine cuts through the vinegar and levels the flavor to really compliment the soft delicate touch of the herbs.	Serving suggestions	This salad is flexible and compliments many dishes you will find on the blog. Some delightful combinations are with:	Air Fryer Beef Kabobs	Teriyaki Salmon Air Fryer Fillets	Air Fryer Salmon with skin	Slow Cooker Honey BBQ Chicken Wings	Dry Rub Air Fryer Chicken Wings	Slow Cooker Lemon Garlic Chicken	Air Fryer Chicken Skewers	Air Fryer Roast Chicken	Easy Air Fryer Chicken Legs	If you want to use a creamy type sauce for the salad, by all means, you can and I recommend the garlic yogurt sauce to achieve that.	In the photo below you can see the partnership of this salad with the Air Fryer Jerk Chicken. It is a flavor combo that works wonderfully and you can prep the salad whilst the chicken is cooking!	With a combination like the dish set out above, you are bringing a complete feast to the table!	If you want to add other sides, try the gravy fries, air fryer corn on the cob or chips and gravy.	Frequently asked questions	This recipe is quick, easy and ever so simple!	It takes about 5 mins to prepare the herbs	The dressing is best kept on the side till ready to serve	For a creamy salad dressing, use the garlic yogurt sauce	This recipe is not suitable to freeze	What are the best herbs to use for a salad?	I recommend a combination of basil and 2 types of parsley for a simple herb salad.	These herbs are both easy to grow and or find at the shops.	Using both curly leaf and flat leaf parsley brings a combination of textures to the salad.	What dressing to use for herb salad?	A white wine vinegar dressing brings a light zesty fresh taste to a herb salad. It is a simple matter of seasoning it and adding a splash of caper brine for superior yum!	Alternatively a creamy sauce works and I recommend the Garlic Yogurt Sauce.	Salad recipes	If you love making homemade salads, with colour and texture, I can recommend the following combos of yum:	Panzanella Salad	Cold Stuffed Tomatoes	Burrata Salad	Caprese Salad	Or check out all of the salad recipes on the blog.	PIN and save the recipe for later	Hunger still got you? You can SUBSCRIBE to receive the latest recipes, follow me on Pinterest, Instagram or Facebook.	Recipe	Zesty fresh and saucy!	I think from memory, we were at the saucy, cheesy, getting to garlic point when we last spoke.	There is no garlic in this salad, so you can put that breath of freshness aside and get ready to sing the praise of what the white wine vinegar delivers with this dish.	I would LOVE to hear your feedback in the comments below, please let me know if you make the recipe.	It doesn't have to be wine o clock to enjoy this salad, but we all know, it is always wine o clock somewhere in the world!	It's getting herby around here my friends and you are going to love it!	Adrianne xx
0b8n0Agb	https://barbertonmagics.org/2021/07/26/bhs-boys-soccer-team-ready-for-2021/	The BHS Boys’ Soccer Team is excited to start the 2021 season as they host Friday Night Lights on August 13, 2021. They have put in a lot of work this offseason and know it will pay off.	BSOC V 1 (1)
0b8n0MHJ	https://thechiefleader.com/job_postings/mental-health-therapy-aides-trainees-with-state-at-33g--46g/article_3c5502d6-ee4b-11eb-9a86-c7d6508bc0b9.html	The state Office of Mental Health is offering online recruitment examinations through Aug. 16 for Mental Health Therapy Aides and Mental Health Therapy Aide Trainees for positions in Queens and The Bronx. Salaries range from $33,631 to $46,103.	The Position	Mental Health Therapy Aide and Mental Health Therapy Aide Trainee provide direct-care services, treatment, rehabilitation and support to individuals diagnosed with mental illness who receive services in an institutional or community-based setting. They help individuals to participate in games and recreational programs; coach and encourage individuals to develop daily living skills; and provide a clean, safe and comfortable environment.	They also work with other staff to develop, carry out and record care plans and, in accordance with special instructions, may administer medication.	The position may be physically demanding. Mental Health Therapy Aides and Trainees need to be prepared to act to ensure the health and safety of patients and staff in emergency situations. They also must be able to bend, stretch and stand for long periods of time.	Trainee Qualifications	The minimum qualifications for Mental Health Therapy Aide Trainees, SG-7 are:	A high school diploma or its equivalent.	They also must be on the Mental Health Therapy Aide Trainee eligible list and be reachable for appointment.	To be added to the eligible list, they must take the online, continuous-recruitment examination, available here: www.omh.ny.gov/omhweb/employment/mhta.html.	Mental Health Therapy Aide Trainees participate in a 12-month traineeship. At the successful conclusion of the program, they would advance without further examination to Mental Health Therapy Aide, SG-9.	Aide Qualifications	The minimum qualifications for Mental Health Therapy Aide, SG-9 are:	A high school diploma or its equivalent and one year of full-time direct patient-care experience in a mental-health setting.	Qualifying direct patient-care experience includes but is not limited to the following: attending to patients' personal hygiene, grooming, nutrition and daily living needs; assisting and participating in physical, social, therapeutic or recreational programs; case management, service-coordination activities or discharge planning.	Mental-health settings are defined as a psychiatric inpatient unit within a general hospital, psychiatric hospital, psychiatric clinic, community or county mental-health clinic, center or other service; residential mental health treatment center; or comprehensive psychiatric emergency program (CPEP).	They also must be on the Mental Health Therapy Aide eligible list and be reachable for appointment.	To be added to the eligible list, you must take the online, continuous-recruitment examination, available here: www.omh.ny.gov/omhweb/employment/mhta.html.	Prospective appointees must submit to a medical-standards evaluation and a substance-abuse screening. They also will be subject to a background investigation/justice center review.	For complete information on the positions, visit statejobs.ny.gov/public/vacancyTable.cfm.	We depend on the support of readers like you to help keep our publication strong and independent. Join us.
0b8n0Hrg	https://www.wdam.com/video/2021/07/27/marion-county-columbia-school-districts-back-school-covid-plan/	|	Class is back in session for Forrest County School District	Sales tax holiday on school clothes and supplies set for Friday, Saturday	Updated: 17 hours ago	|	Sales tax holiday on school clothes and supplies set for Friday, Saturday	Education	Marion County School District holds board meeting ahead of classes	Updated: Jul. 23, 2021 at 9:58 PM CDT	|	The first day of school for Marion County School District students is Aug. 5.	Education	East Jasper School District to begin year with new leaders	Updated: Jul. 23, 2021 at 5:58 PM CDT	|	The East Jasper School District will begin the year with some new leaders.	Education	Petal School District prepare for a staggered start in August	Updated: Jul. 22, 2021 at 5:58 PM CDT	|	Petal students will follow a staggered start on August 3rd and 4th.
0b8n0IkP	https://www.wwlp.com/news/local-news/hampden-county/air-quality-alert-issued-due-to-smoke-from-western-wildfires/	SPRINGFIELD, Mass. (WWLP) – An Air Quality Alert is in effect for all of western Massachusetts until midnight due to the smoke from the western U.S. and Canadian wildfires.	There’s a good chance we will still see some haze into Tuesday. The air can be unhealthy for a certain group of people. Health experts recommending not to stay outside for a long period of time. The thick haze throughout the Massachusetts sky prompted an air quality alert for our region.	The alert, issued by the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection, warns of higher levels of fine particles in the air. Those particles could aggravate breathing for people in sensitive groups, those include:	Heart or lung disease	Asthma	Older adults	Children	People who are outdoors for an extended period of time	Medical experts recommend that these groups of people avoid being outside as much as possible during an air quality alert	“Well stay inside for one, air filters for inside the house are great for filtering out this particular matter and there are special masks that will filter out the particular matter,” said Louise Cardellina, a physician assistant at AFC Urgent Care.	If you do experience coughing, burning in the chest, nasal congestion, or fatigue it’s recommended to get indoors and then call your doctor.
0b8n0PgG	https://harrisbricken.com/chinalawblog/china-trademarks/	If you are sourcing products from China you should register a trademark in China for any logo and/or brand name appearing on your goods and/or packaging. China is a first-to-file country for trademarks and what this means in real life is that if you do not secure the relevant trademarks for China you are laying out a welcome mat for bad-faith registrants, such as competitors or trademark “squatters” to secure YOUR trademark and then hold you for various different sorts of ransom.	You should register in China whatever marks you are certain (or fairly certain) you will use in China and for products you are certain (or fairly certain) you will be sourcing from China. You though should not overdo it by applying for every mark you might use in China as that will lead to additional costs and perhaps unnecessary headaches if the registration is contentious, on account of objections by China’s Trademark Office and/or other parties. And even though China will grant trademark protection to a brand that has never been used in commerce by the applicant, failing to use a registered Chinese trademark in commerce for three uninterrupted years puts that trademark at risk of cancellation for non-use.	The safest and most comprehensive China trademark strategy is to register separate trademarks for every logo and brand name you intend to use in China. For some companies, however, another method may be more cost-effective. If you have a logo that combines a visual device and words, registering just that logo as a trademark in China will usually get you comparable protection to filing separate trademarks for the visual device and each phrase. Consider a McDonald’s logo that incorporates the familiar Golden Arches with the word “McDonald’s” underneath. If McDonald’s were to register this logo in China as a trademark — and solely this logo — it would gain protection for the Golden Arches and the word “McDonald’s.”	However, to maintain protection for all of the elements in a logo, you must use the exact logo as registered at least once every three years or your China trademark for that logo will be at risk of cancellation. If the underlying trademark is cancelled, the protection for the individual logos and words also will go away. Note that exact means exact: same font, same size, same alignment . . . same everything.	In practice, companies like McDonald’s virtually always play it safe in China by registering both the logo (the Golden Arches), and the word “McDonald’s” (plus other marks such as slogans — “I’m lovin’ it”, Ronald McDonald, etc.). But for companies lacking a Big Mac-sized IP budget, this “register everything ” approach probably will not make sense. One of the things we have been noticing of late from American and European companies coming to our law firm after having used a fake law firm to register its trademark is that they are not only missing key trademarks that they should have sought in China, but they also have actually paid for and secured trademarks in China that they do not need. In other words, like pretty much every aspect of Chinese law, it is both important and considerably more cost-effective to do things right with your China trademarks the first time.	Fred is a former diplomat who joined Harris Bricken after more than a decade of international legal experience, primarily in China, Vietnam, and Thailand. His wide range of experience includes starting and operating his own business in Asia, working as an in-house counsel for a Hong Kong-based multinational, as well as many years as a State Department official, providing a client-centric perspective to his legal work. Fred co-hosts Harris Bricken’s weekly Global Law and Business podcast, which covers legal and economic developments in locales around the world to decipher global trends in law and business with the help from international guests.
0b8n0QYz	https://www.tribuneledgernews.com/tribune/ian-kinsler-s-journey-to-tokyo-began-in-israel-where-the-gritty-baseballer-found-more/article_41864fc0-1755-5b45-b859-1ba34bf3e169.html	For the record, it’s about 8,000 miles from Dallas to Tokyo, if, by chance, you decide to stop on the East Coast along the way.	But Ian Kinsler’s journey to the Israeli Olympic baseball team can’t be measured in miles.	It goes so much further than that.	It took him back to his own playing days and finally understanding how Jewish children and adults expressed an immediate bond with him, even if the former Ranger never celebrated Jewish holidays, never went to synagogue and still doesn’t consider himself religious. It took him back to his father Howard’s childhood in The Bronx and stories about how he’d occasionally have to fight his way back to the family’s apartment. It took him back to his grandparents and their parents, who emigrated from Eastern Europe. And, of course, it eventually took him even deeper, to Israel, and his heritage.	“At the time, I agreed to do this, it just meant the opportunity to play more baseball,” said Kinsler, 39, whose last game in a 14-season major league career was in August, 2019. “But I needed to get my citizenship and that meant diving into my family tree and going to Israel. Going through the whole process, going to Tel Aviv and Jerusalem, really understanding my heritage, it’s made it such a really cool journey. It’s something I’m a lot prouder to represent than when I first committed. Tapping into my history has really been special.”	The history of Jews — and the link to the land of Israel — dates back nearly 6,000 years. It includes plenty of tumult, tragedy, sorrow and triumph. But until Thursday evening — 5 a.m. in Dallas — it has never included an official Olympic baseball team. The Israelis will face South Korea in their first game and the U.S. on Friday as the six-team tournament kicks off. It’s the first Olympic baseball tournament since 2008.	The Israeli team — much like Jews, themselves — is something of a miracle. The only baseball complex in Israel is in Baptist Village in Petah Tikva, near Tel Aviv. The Israelis made their World Baseball Classic debut in 2017. Using a roster primarily of Jewish Americans with dual citizenship, the Israelis shocked the tournament by upsetting Cuba in the first game. Two years later, the Israeli’s qualified for the 2020 Olympics by winning the six-team Africa-European qualifier.	That’s when Kinsler entered the picture. He’d just finished his playing career. He’d already won a WBC title with the U.S. in 2017. He won a World Series with Boston the following year. With no regular season to worry about in 2020 as a newly-retired player, the Olympics offered him one last opportunity.	A month after retiring, he agreed and made the trip to Israel. He saw the Old City of Jerusalem and toured an excavation site beneath it. He floated in the Dead Sea. He saw the complex at the Baptist Village. All of it spoke to him. Even as the COVID-19 pandemic was descending on the world around them, Kinsler and his wife, Tess, were awed by what they saw. They have indicated a desire to help increase the presence of the sport in the country and have become involved with the Jewish National Fund-USA Project Baseball.	“There was such a sense of community,” said Tess Kinsler, who was raised Catholic. “That really struck me and Ian, as well. “It made us both appreciate what we have and want to hold our kids a little closer. It was really peaceful. Even as the pandemic was getting closer and people were asking what we would do, there was just a calmness about us all. And that’s not a natural thing for me in stressful situations. But being there, that trip, made us realize, it’s going to be OK.”	The Kinslers returned from Israel in March 2020 only hours before international flights were banned from landing in the U.S. They spent the summer, along with everybody else, on lockdown. The Olympics, at least for 2020, were canceled.	A last chance lost? Perhaps. But instead, Kinsler’s father and his wife saw a man more at peace with himself than at any point in his baseball career. Kinsler had always played with an edge and with grit. It helped him make four All-Star teams. It also made him one of the game’s instigators. And, on occasion, it left him unable to leave the player behind when he left the ballpark.	“I think that trip had a major impact on bringing him back to realize the importance of family, responsibility, the normalcy of every day,” Howard Kinsler said. “I think this opened his eyes wide. The whole Israel experience is an eye-opener. I think it has brought him some more peace.	“When he played and kids came up to him and said they loved him because he was Jewish, he told me he’d never had a grasp of that, of why,” Howard added. “He understands the brotherhood of the people now. It’s more real to him. And now it’s more than just baseball. It’s my happiness that he’s getting interested in it.”	Then came the rescheduling for 2021. And that last chance was revived. Last week, when Kinsler left the U.S. for the Olympics, he Facetimed his parents three times in 24 hours. He tried to Facetime Tess from the middle of the opening ceremonies. He even texted a reporter a photo of the Italian Olympic team gathering in the tunnel before entering the stadium for the opening ceremonies.	That was unlike the laser-focused MLB player Ian Kinsler. It was more like Ian Kinsler, the mensch.	“It just showed his awareness and his feelings for everything and how much he is enjoying things,” Howard Kinsler said. “It’s heartwarming.”	About the Jewish National Fund-USA’s Project Baseball	Project Baseball provides financial support for Team Israel’s Olympic expenses but is also helping to build state-of-the-art baseball and softball fields throughout Israel. It was created for all, teaching the game to Israeli Jews and Arabs. For more information about Project Baseball and Team Israel, contact Jewish National Fund-USA Executive Director Lou Rosenberg at lrosenberg@jnf.org or visit jnf.org.	Support Local Journalism	Now, more than ever, residents need trustworthy reporting—but good journalism isn’t free. Please support us by purchasing a digital subscription. Your subscription will allow you unlimited access to important local news stories. Our mission is to keep our community informed and we appreciate your support.
0b8n0DKm	https://barbertonmagics.org/2021/07/26/magics-girls-soccer-set-for-2021-campaign/	The BHS Girls’ Soccer Team is looking forward to the 2021 season. The team has been working hard this summer and are looking forward to the start of the 2021 campaign.	GSOC V 1 (1)
0b8n0kGd	https://crackedpepperdaily.com/2021/07/26/monday-7-26-2021/	We are Open Today	10:00 am – 4:00 pm	To Order PLEASE CALL 701-356-0039	Pay & Pick-Up just inside our Door	TODAY’S TREATS	MOCA BAR $2.50	COOKIE $1.00	Chocolate Chip Cookie * Confetti Sugar Cookie	BAR $2.00	Caramel Chocolate Oatmeal Bar	Beverages are listed at the Bottom of the Menu	Here is TODAY’S MENU	SUPER-BOWL: Southwest Super-Bowl 8.50	Quinoa & Wild Rice topped with Chicken, Black Beans, Tomatoes, Red Cabbage, Cheddar Cheese & Onion. Served with creamy southwest sauce.	BIG SALAD: Garden Chicken Salad 8.75	Mixed greens, Chicken, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Carrots, Cheddar Cheese & Croutons. Served with Bread & your choice of Dressing.	SANDWICH Includes Kettle Chips & Pickle (choose Classic or Jalapeno Chips) 7.75	ADD French Onion DIP for your KETTLE CHIPS 1.00	Sandwich COMBO Sandwich, house Salad OR Small Soup & Lunch Dessert 10.75	Sandwich COMBO – Large Sandwich, Large Soup OR Veggie Dip Box & Lunch Dessert 11.75	Add Kettle Chips to your Combo 75¢	Ham Salad on Wheat – Ham Salad by the Pound: 1# $8.00 – ½# $4.00	Wheat bread filled with Ham Salad, Mixed Greens, & Tomatoes.	Turkey & Peppers Flatbread Panini: Flatbread filled Turkey, Bell Peppers, red onion, Mozzarella & pepper-jack cheeses. Grilled on the Panini press & served with Basil Mayo.	CBR Wrap: Flour tortilla filled with mixed Greens, Chicken breast, Bacon, Cheddar cheese & Ranch dressing.	Veggie Ranch Wrap: Flour tortilla filled with Mixed greens, Carrots, Tomatoes, Cucumbers, Bell Peppers, Cheddar Cheese, Onion, Pumpkin Seeds, & Ranch Dressing.	CLASSIC SANDWICH	CHOOSE Turkey & Cheddar – Ham & Swiss: Choose Wheat or Sour Dough bread, or Tortilla with Mixed Greens. Mayo & Mustard on the Side.	Classic or Cheddar Jalapeno Tortilla available	VEGGIE & DIP BOX 4.50	Fresh Crisp Veggies, served with Ranch Dressing	PREPARED SALAD: Small (8 oz) 3.95 Large (12 oz) 4.95 Jumbo (16 oz) 5.95	Potato Salad: Classic Creamy Potato Salad with Hard-boiled Eggs & Dill.	Mom’s Macaroni Salad: Classic creamy salad with a hint of onion and cheese.	Served with piece of Bread.	We Got SOUP SMALL (8oz) 3.95 LARGE (12oz) 4.95 JUMBO (16 oz) 5.95 Served with bread	* Cheesy Veggie Soup * Chicken Kale Quinoa Soup	* Chicken Tortilla Soup	SOUP & SALAD COMBO: choice of Soup, House or Caesar side Salad, Bread & our lunch dessert	Small – 7.95 Large – 8.95 Jumbo – 9.95	SIDE SALAD 4.50 — served with Bread	House: Mixed Greens, Carrots, Cucumber, Tomatoes, Parmesan Cheese & Croutons. Served with Your choice of Dressing on the Side.	Caesar: Mixed Greens, croutons, Parmesan, tomatoes, Caesar dressing.	DRESSING CHOICES: Ranch * Honey Mustard	Balsamic Vinaigrette * Italian Vinaigrette * French * 1000 Island	Ian’s Panini 6.00	English muffin filled with eggs, Cheddar cheese, & your choice of Bacon or Sausage. Grilled on the Panini press & served with fresh fruit.	BEVERAGES	CAN OF SODA $1.50	Coke * Diet Coke * Ginger Ale	7 UP * Root Beer * Grape	Mountain Dew * Diet Mountain Dew * Baja Blast Mountain Dew	Diet Sprite * Dr Pepper * Diet Dr. Pepper	Waterloo SPARKLING WATER $1.50	Lemon – Lime * Watermelon	BOTTLE OF WATER $1.50	BOTTLE OF TEA $2.50	Arnie Palmer ½ & ½	GOLD PEAK TEA	Unsweetened Tea * Sweet Tea	COFFEE $2.25	Regular or Decaf
0b8n0KVr	https://www.wglt.org/2021-07-26/bermuda-wins-olympic-gold-it-has-the-smallest-population-to-ever-do-that	TOKYO — With a population of just 63,000, Bermuda has become the smallest nation or territory to win an Olympic gold medal.	On a drizzly morning in Tokyo, Flora Duffy, 33, clinched the victory for the British island territory in women's individual triathlon – a grueling race made up of open-water swimming for nearly a mile, biking almost 25 miles and running 4.6 miles.	"Flora Duffy was already Bermuda's golden girl before she set off on the Olympic women's triathlon tonight, but she is now simply solid gold after destroying a world-class field in Tokyo," local newspaper The Royal Gazette gushed after her victory.	Duffy is one of two Bermudian athletes participating in the Tokyo Olympics. The remote set of islands in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean is more than 600 miles from the closest land mass.	Duffy's win is all the more impressive because she battled back from multiple injuries, including a foot issue that took her out of competition for a full year in 2018-2019. In Nov. 2020, she said she was also dealing with knee inflammation.	"I am so thrilled I could execute, and yeah, I achieved my dream of winning a gold medal, but also winning Bermuda's first gold medal," she said. "It's bigger than me and that's a really cool moment."	"I guess it was pretty much like almost the perfect race for me," she added.	The Bermudian came out of the swimming portion in 6th place, then quickly caught up to the leaders in the biking part of the race. She traded the lead a few times during the bike with the silver medalist, the U.K.'s Georgia Taylor-Brown, and bronze medalist, Katie Zaferes from the U.S.	Duffy pulled away on the run and ended the race more than a minute ahead of her closest competitor, with a time of 1 hour, 55 minutes and 36 seconds.	Bermuda's premier, David Burt, said "You've worked so hard and you've made an entire island proud!"	The only other medal Bermuda has ever won was in 1976, a bronze, in men's heavyweight boxing.	Copyright 2021 NPR. To see more, visit https://www.npr.org.
0b8n0Vyc	https://flavormosaic.com/spicy-cilantro-lime-summer-slaw/	This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure policy.	Spicy Cilantro Lime Summer Slaw is a cool, refreshing slaw with a slightly spicy kick that is perfect for a summer side dish at a barbecue or as a topping for fish tacos!	Made with summer fresh corn, slaw mix, cilantro, lime, red peppers, and jalapeños, this slaw will be the picnic side dish or hot dog topping that everyone at the picnic or potluck will love!	In Texas, it seems that summer lasts almost all year long! With the hot summer weather, we need some cool Summer Recipes and Side Dishes and this Spicy Summer Slaw is perfect for summer or year-round.	Like my Cajun Honey Jalapeno Slaw, this coleslaw has a slightly spicy kick. However, instead of cajun seasoning, this slaw has fresh cilantro, lime juice, corn, and red bell peppers in addition to sliced jalapenos for added flavor!	Why You’ll Love This Slaw Recipe	Flavor. With the flavor of fresh cilantro, lime, corn, red bell peppers, and sliced jalapenos, this coleslaw is bursting wiyh summer flavor.	Spicy Kick. The jalapenos add a slightly zesty kick. The nice thing is that you can make this slaw as spicy as you like or leave the jalapenos out if you don’t want it spicy.	Summer Vegetables. This Spicy Cilantro Lime Slaw is a perfect summer side dish that allows you to use up that fresh corn, cilantro, and more.	No Mayo. If you are looking for a lighter, more wholesome recipe, this coleslaw has no mayonaise. Instead, it is tossed with a homemade cilantro lime vinaigrette.	Easy To Make. No need to heat up the kitchen during the hot summer with this recipe. Just toss everything in a bowl and stir together. It doesn’t get any easier than that.	Why This Recipe Works	The tartness of cilantro and freshly squeezed lime juice balances the sweetness of fresh summer corn, and then the zesty flavor of sliced jalapenos takes it over the top.	It is a tried and true recipe that has been tweaked and modified until we arrived at this flavor combination.	How To Make Spicy Cilantro Lime Slaw	Ingredient Notes	Below I discuss the ingredients and possible substitutions in case you don’t have a specific ingredient on hand. However, if you are looking for the specific measurements of each ingredient, be sure to scroll down to the bottom of this article, just above the comments, for the printable recipe card, which includes all the ingredients and the specific amounts of each one.	Cole Slaw Mix. I started with taking a shortcut by using store-bought coleslaw mix to save time and make it easier. However, feel free to chop up some fresh red and green cabbage, along with shredded carrots, to make your own coleslaw mix.	Corn. The fresher the corn, the better the slaw. In the summer, I like to use fresh corn kernels for the slaw. However, feel free to use frozen corn that has been thawed or canned corn.	Red sweet Pepper. I like to chop up a sweet red pepper to add some color and texture to the slaw.	Red Onion. I like to use a red onion for added color in the summer slaw. However, you can use any type of onion, from white or yellow onions to chopped green onions.	Cilantro. I highly recommend chopping up some fresh cilantro leaves and not using dried cilantro for the best flavor.	Lime Juice. I like to use freshly squeezed lime juice. However, if you have bottled lime juice, that would work also.	Cotija Cheese. I like to use Cotija Cheese. However, you could use parmesan or feta cheese.	Easy Instructions With Photos	Toss in all the ingredients in a large bowl.	Stir together until everything is well combined. Combine the lime juice, oil, salt and pepper in a small bowl, and pour over the top of the slaw.	Refrigerate until ready to serve. Serve in a large serving bowl.	Pro Recipe Tips	Fresh Ingredients. For the best results, I recommend using fresh ingredients like fresh cabbage, corn, cilantro, limes, etc.	Vegan. To make this recipe vegan, leave out the cheese, unless you use vegan cheese.	Refrigerate. Instead of serving immediately, let the slaw sit for a few hours, at least two hours, before serving.	Recipe Variations	Mexican Cabbage Slaw. Also known as Fish Taco Slaw, Mexican Cabbage Slaw is a cool, tangy cabbage slaw with a Mexican-spiced apple cider vinaigrette.	Ramen Noodle Slaw. Ramen Noodle Salad is a make-ahead coleslaw made with broccoli slaw and ramen noodles.	What To Serve With Spicy Summer Slaw	Grilled Mahi Mahi. A deliciously seasoned, mild-tasting fish filet with a smoky grilled flavor that is super easy to make and can be ready in 20 minutes!	Blackened Fish Tacos. Made with tender tilapia, sweet and spicy Mango Salsa, and a tangy slaw, these fish tacos explode with Cajun Mexican flavor in this quick and easy dinner.	Grilled Barbecue Chicken Kabobs. Barbecue Chicken Kabobs and vegetables are skewered, covered in a spice rub, and then brushed with a sweet, spicy, smoky, and tangy BBQ sauce and grilled.	Frequently Asked Questions	Can I Make this Spicy Cilantro Lime Slaw Ahead Of Time?	Yes. I recommend making it up to 24 hours ahead of time and refrigerating until you are ready to serve. This allows the flavors to combine and develop more fully.	Can I Freeze Coleslaw?	Since this is an oil and vinegar-based coleslaw, you can freeze it.	More Summer Recipes You’ll Love	Watermelon Salsa – This light and refreshing fruit salsa with watermelon, strawberries, herbs, honey, and jalapeño, offers a sweet and spicy summer appetizer.	Orzo Pasta Salad with Lemon Vinaigrette – A refreshingly light summer pasta salad with feta and summer vegetables like corn, tomatoes, and cucumbers.	Tomato Pesto Green Bean Potato Salad – This easy gluten-free potato salad makes an outstanding side dish to take to a summer picnic or potluck because it has no mayo and only 5 ingredients.	If you like this recipe or make this recipe, be sure to leave a comment, rate the recipe, and follow us on:	Facebook | Twitter | Pinterest | BlogLovin | Instagram	Spicy Cilantro Lime Summer Slaw Recipe	Course Side Dishes	Cuisine American, Mexican, Tex-Mex	Keyword Coleslaw, Jalapeno Coleslaw, Spicy Coleslaw	Prep Time 10 minutes	Total Time 10 minutes	Servings 6	Calories 180kcal	Author Michele @ Flavor Mosaic	Ingredients	16 ounces slaw mix (1 package)	15 ounces canned corn drained	½ cup pickled jalapenos sliced with juice	⅓ cup red onion diced, optional	1/3 cup red sweet pepper diced,	⅓ cup cilantro diced	¼ cup lime juice	¼ cup olive oil	1 teaspoon salt	½ teaspoon pepper	¼ cup cotija cheese	Instructions	In a large bowl, combine the slaw, corn, red peppers, jalapenos, onion, and cilantro. Toss to combine.	In a small bowl, combine the lime juice, olive oil, salt, and pepper. Pour the vinaigrette over the slaw and toss.	Refrigerate for 2 hours, up to 24 hours, before serving.	Sprinkle with cotija cheese before serving.	Notes	You can make this salad ahead of time and the flavors will more fully develop over time.	Store in the refrigerator for up to 3 days for best results. If left longer, the slaw may get soggy.	Serve this summer slaw on fish tacos, burgers, or as a perfect side dish for a barbeque.	Nutrition	Calories: 180kcal | Carbohydrates: 17g | Protein: 4g | Fat: 12g | Saturated Fat: 2g | Polyunsaturated Fat: 2g | Monounsaturated Fat: 7g | Cholesterol: 6mg | Sodium: 777mg | Potassium: 286mg | Fiber: 3g | Sugar: 4g | Vitamin A: 618IU | Vitamin C: 44mg | Calcium: 71mg | Iron: 1mg	DISCLOSURE: Flavor Mosaic is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program. Please note: This blog may contain affiliate links to products I use and love. I earn a small commission, at no extra cost to you, to help with blog expenses when you make a purchase through an affiliate link. Thank you for your support!
0b82VflU	https://www.mangotomato.com/2021/07/cherry-oat-bars-with-frozen-yogurt-and.html	Cherry Oat Bars With Frozen Yogurt And Pistachios is a perfect dessert to bring to a last minute get together because one of the lessons my parents taught is to never show up empty handed.	Last week I was invited to a get together with a few neighborhood girls, but had zero desire to go grocery shopping: I had cherries in the freezer and a large bag of oats, and so I searched for cherry and oats recipe. That's how I landed on Copycat Starbucks Michigan Cherry Oat Bars from Sandra of Dash of Sanity (who can't use some sanity!?).	Surprisingly, and luckily, I had all the necessary ingredients other than quick oats. I ended up using regular oats, adding orange zest to the filling and then topping cooled and cut bars with frozen yogurt and chopped roasted and salted pistachios.	The recipe was so easy to follow and left my condo smelling sweet and fragrant. Speaking of sweet, I highly recommend cutting the brown sugar to 2/3 cups from a full cup.	To make the frozen yogurt, I took 2% yogurt, put it into a small container and put it in the freezer. After an hour I fork'ed the yogurt and put it back into the freezer. Repeat a few times.	These were a HUGE success!!! You can easily make these bars with any type of berries or stone fruit or even apples. I bet they'll be stellar with a sprinkle of mini chocolate chips under the filling.	Please don't use canned filling: fresh one takes just a few minutes to make.
0b8mB12o	https://www.foxbangor.com/news/item/maine-cdc-director-gives-pandemic-update-to-bangor-city-councilors/	BANGOR — Dr. Nirav Shah met with Bangor city councilors Monday to give them pandemic guidance about how COVID-19 and its delta variant is affecting the state.	“We probably need to be prepared, even for fully vaccinated folks, for the time being, to go back to wearing masks in indoor settings,” Shah said.	According to the CDC director, two to three weeks ago, case numbers, hospitalization rates, and incubation rates were looking low, but since then, all of those figures have increased dramatically and he attributed it to the delta variant.	“As of right now in Maine, the delta variant accounts for approximately 47 percent of all of the new cases in the state,” he said.	He said the delta variant is concerning for multiple reasons.	“The first and the most important is that it’s much more contagious than the other variants that we’ve seen. There’s also some data to suggest that it might also land people at the hospital at a higher rate,” Shah said.	The other reason he said are continued pockets of non-vaccinated places across the state which could make this issue drag on for weeks or even longer.	“We need to be ready to surge back up, whether its around PPE, whether it’s around vaccinations, testing, as well as case investigations, and planning for those possibilities. That’s what those at the Maine CDC are doing right now,” Shah said.
0b8n0O2l	https://www.trentonian.ca/entertainment/local-arts/teen-trivia-game-show-wraps-up-filming-in-cornwall	Author of the article:	Publishing date:	Jul 26, 2021 • 4 hours ago •	• Join the conversation	Article content	A travelling trivia gameshow with teenage contestants has wrapped up its two days of filming in Cornwall.	Story continues below	This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.	Article content	The Pop Whiz show began the second weekend of July and has visited North Bay, and Timmins, Ont., and wrapped up its filming in Cornwall on Saturday.	“We will air on Game TV sometime in 2022, and next month it’s Thunder Bay, Kingston and Stratford… We’re really trying to cover the province,” said Ryan Vickers, the creative consultant for the show.	The show featured 22 contestants from Cornwall, between the ages of 13 and 17, and quizzed them on pop culture with some special, locally-focused questions mixed in.	“We wanted to be in places that were smaller. There’s nothing against bigger cities, but we wanted to capture small town life that you get in a national or provincial capital,” said Vickers.	Vickers pitched Cornwall, where he grew up, as a location to the team. Gunnarolla, a popular vlogger and social media personality, hosts the show. The show awards the final two contestants a cash prize, but Vickers did not want to focus on the money.	“There’s cash prizes for the final two contestants, and while that’s great, we want everyone to have a really positive and fun time… It was really enjoyable to see the reactions on the monitors and you could tell they were having fun,” said Vickers.	Despite some hitches in logistics, and having to move their filming tent to the Cornwall Civic Complex due music from the Cornwall Ribfest, the production was a success.	“It’s been really great. Coming on the road, everything’s in theory, but we’ve had three really great stops, and especially here in Cornwall everyone is really welcoming and embracing of us… We wouldn’t have been able to do it without our community partners,” said Sergio Gallinaro, the director and producer of the show.	Story continues below	This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.	Article content	Cornwall Tourism helped organize the venue and permits for the show, and pitched in a little extra. Instead of the two final contestants winning a prize, the city donated four $250 gift cards, and two $500 gift cards for the two days as well. Players of all ages and backgrounds won.	“We wanted to have a level playing field, so we made the questions different enough that it really depended on each person’s unique knowledge… You couldn’t pick someone and say oh they’re going to win based on their background or life experience,” said Vickers.	Vickers said the winners will only be announced as each episode airs.	“It just depends on the day… In Timmins it was girls and here it was boys mostly,” said Dee-Dee Peel, the associate producer.	Share this article in your social network
0b8n0WrL	https://www.ky3.com/2021/07/27/west-plains-has-new-ride-share-service/	WEST PLAINS, Mo. (KY3) - When Michael Mill isn’t busy dispatching helicopters for an air ambulance company, he’s running his new company, called Cartender. He has 11 drivers in West Plains, Willow Springs and Caulfield standing by to take you just about anywhere you want to go.	“There’s no limit,” said Mill. “We’ve traveled to St. Louis, to Springfield, to Kansas City, we’ve been to Jonesboro, to Memphis. Wherever anybody needs to go, we can take them.”	Ride share companies have been popular in big cities for years, but in rural areas people need them even more because they don’t have access to public transportation, and a lot of people can’t afford a car or they don’t have a driver’s license.	Mill said often, people have trouble getting or keeping jobs because they don’t have transportation. “Like the people who rode with us earlier,” he said, “they live at a facility, and now they have a home because they’ve been able to go to work every single day.”	Cartender also offers pick-up and delivery service. Mill does have competition, though. Theresa Clinton started Gopherit, mainly to keep drunk drivers off the road at night.	“That’s how it originally started,” said Clinton. “It was just Friday and Saturday nights, just for the bar crowd, and then it just kept snowballing and here we are.”	She now has 14 drivers and three dispatchers. local bar owner says he’s a big fan of the ride services. He’s seen a big increase in the number of people who are choosing to leave their cars at home.	“Before the pandemic, it was like maybe one-percent,” said Phil Wage, owner of Wages Brewery. “Now it’s more like five- to ten-percent, on really busy nights especially.	Wages says ride services are good for business and keep the roads safer. For drivers, the hours are flexible and the money is pretty good.	Lorin Trick works in the office of GopherIt, but she started out as a driver. “I also loved getting to interact with so many different people,” she said. “I’ve lived in this town my whole life and I got to meet people that I hadn’t met before.”	For now, both services depend on old-fashioned phone calls to schedule rides or deliveries. They’re both working on apps to streamline operations. Mill has plans to expand into rural communities in other states, while Clinton is focused on growing a medical transport company she also owns.	To report a correction or typo, please email digitalnews@ky3.com
0av7gOKU	https://onepotrecipes.com/crispy-zucchini-fries-recipe/	This post may contain affiliate links. Please read my disclosure policy.	Quick, easy, crispy zucchini fries recipe (courgette fries), homemade with simple ingredients in one pan in 30 minutes. Full of breadcrumb topping, parmesan cheese and Italian herbs.	Need a delicious way to feed your kids, and maybe your husband, some more vegetables? These zucchini fries will please even the pickiest, non-vegetable eating, family members! Cover anything in breadcrumbs and parmesan cheese, and it becomes instantly delicious. If you are a zucchini enthusiast like I am, then try this Zucchini Pizza (One Pot) and these Stuffed Zucchini Boats (One Pot) for a low-carb healthy dish.	How To Make Baked Crispy Zucchini Fries Recipe From Scratch?	Preheat a dark baking tray– Spray generously with oil.	Mix “Flour Mixture”– In a Ziploc bag until combined.	Whisk 2 eggs– In a second Ziploc bag.	Mix “Breadcrumb Mixture”– In a third Ziploc bag until combined.	Coat the zucchini sticks– Do this one by one in the flour mixture, then egg mixture, and then thickly coat them in the breadcrumb mixture.	Spray zucchini with oil– After placing coated zucchinis on the heated baking tray.	Bake– For about 20 minutes. Broil in the final 5 minutes.	Garnish– With fresh parsley and enjoy!	What To Serve With Courgette Fries Recipe?	These would make a great side to a variety of sandwiches. Try them alongside any of the following:	Loose Meat Sandwich (Tavern Sandwich)	BBQ Shredded Beef (One Pot)	Chicken based main courses would make a great pairing with these fries. The juicy tender meat would compliment the crispy fried perfectly.	Instant Pot Whole Chicken (Rotisserie Chicken)	Cajun Chicken (One Pot)	Bacon Ranch Chicken (One Pot)	Creamy Lemon Garlic Chicken (One Pot)	These would also be delicious with an summer cookout foods such as grilled burgers, brats, hot dogs, even fish or BBQ ribs.	How Do You Cut Zucchini Into Sticks?	Trim off both ends of the zucchini.	Cut the zucchini in half across the circumference of the zucchini creating 2, about 3 inch long chunks.	Then, slice each chunk lengthwise in 1/2 inch slabs.	Cut each slab into 1/2 inch wide and 3 inch long sticks.	Make sure to cut the fries evenly for best baking results.	How To Bread Zucchini?	Coat the zucchini sticks one by one in the flour mixture, then egg mixture, and then thickly coat them in the breadcrumb mixture. This should be done individually for each zucchini stick. Don’t just dump them in the Ziploc bags!	Why Are My Zucchini Fries Soggy? How To Fix Soggy Fries?	This can be because the sticks were cut into too small of pieces which will result in soggy fries. Make sure to cut them into even 1/2 inch fries. Also, make sure to pat the zucchini fries dry before coating them. Any excess water can cause the fries to be soggy instead of crispy.	Variations For Breaded Zucchini Sticks	Make it gluten free– You can use gluten-free flour. I tested it with rice flour and it makes the fries even more crispy than regular flour!	Squash fries– Use long yellow squash instead of zucchini.	Make it spicy– Add red pepper flakes or cayenne pepper for a spicy fry.	Add mozzarella cheese- add a thin slice of string cheese, smaller than the zucchini stick, and batter them together for a zucchini mozzarella stick.	Add seasoning– Such as Cajun, Mexican, or Curry seasoning instead of Italian.	Tips And Techniques For Parmesan Crusted Zucchini	Use a preheated pan– This is important to making crispy fries because they start cooking and sizzling immediately when placed on the hot pan.	Don’t line the pan– This makes them soggy!	Grease the pan very well with oil– Because this prevents them from sticking from sticking to the pan.	Don’t flip the zucchinis during baking– Simply broil them the last 5 minutes of cooking to crisp up the tops.	How do you know zucchinis are done baking? Zucchinis are done when they have baked for 20 minutes, the tops are golden brown, and you can pick them up without them falling apart.	Fresh zucchini vs. Frozen zucchini– Fresh zucchini must be used. Frozen zucchini contains too much water and will never crisp leaving a soggy mess.	Don’t overcrowd the pan– This will create soggy fries.	Fried zucchini fries vs. Baked zucchini fries– The baked version is healthier because it doesn’t use oil to fry the fries in. I prefer the baked version.	Adjust seasoning– Add more or less based on your personal preference.	Coat the zucchini sticks individually– Do not dump them all into the Ziploc bags. Take the time to coat them one by one to ensure that they are completely and evenly coated. This produces the best and crispiest results.	Storage	Refrigerate– These are best served immediately, but can be stored in a sealed container for up to 1-2 days.	Freeze– These can be frozen by placing them on a baking sheet and freezing. Once frozen, transfer them to a freezer safe bag or container and place in the freezer for up to 2 months.	Reheat– In the air fryer or oven for best results.
0b29k6cQ	https://www.asaucykitchen.com/shirazi-salad/	Bright, vibrant and refreshing – this Shirazi Salad recipe (also known as Salad-e Shirazi) is a minimalist foodies’ dream! It’s made with simple ingredients, requires little prep and packs in a mouthful of flavour – all while being naturally vegan and low carb! Made with diced cucumber, tomato and onion (in this case spring onion) mixed with fresh parsley and dried mint, then tossed in a fresh citrus making for a zesty, delicious and healthy salad.	What is Persian Shirazi Salad?	Shirazi salad is a basic cucumber & tomato salad named after it’s place of origin, the city of Shiraz located in Southern Iran. It’s popularity has transformed this simple side into a somewhat of a national dish and a staple in Persian cuisine.	Though it’s often enjoyed in the summer, it can also be served year round (when the produce is available) as a great side dish to meat-based/protein-packed main course. It can also be served as a mild and refreshing condiment to spicy dishes or with flatbreads and pittas.	What’s inside?	Traditional Shirazi Salad recipes are made with chopped vegetables like diced cucumber, tomato, onion, fresh herbs, mint and verjuice (sour grape juice). Recipes will usually vary slightly when it comes to herbs and acids. Fresh parsley and dried mint are typically staples in more authentic Shirazi salad recipes, but sometimes extra or different herbs like dill, cilantro, basil and fresh mint are used as well.	Tip!	The smaller you dice your veggies – the better! The more you chop and dice the cucumber and tomato into small pieces, the more surface area your are creating for the herbs and citrus to cling to making for a more flavourful salad.	Salad Ingredients	Cucumber: 3-4 small Persian cucumbers are best if you can find them in store. Otherwise, one large English cucumber will also work well. Persian and English cucumbers have thinner skin and fewer seeds than regular cucumbers, making them an idea addition to this salad.	Tomato: Dice and core about 4 roma tomatoes (feel free to use any large ripe tomatoes). I recommend scooping out most of the watery tomato membranes and seeds to keep the salad from getting excessively soggy.	Spring Onion: Many Shirazi Salad recipes use red onion or white onion. I opted to use spring onions to make for a more delicately flavoured salad that also happens to be FODMAP friendly. Just make sure that you only use the green part of the spring onion if you want this salad to be Low FODMAP.	Parsley: Feel free to use a combination of other fresh herbs (dill and cilantro are great here).	Dried Mint: Often times, fresh herbs are considered to be superior to dried herbs because of their stronger aroma and flavour. In this case, dried mint is best as it is a staple ingredient in Shirazi Salad. It’s mild, earthy and makes this dish what it is.	Lemon Juice: A little acid like fresh lemon or lime juices makes for a bright and vibrant salad.	Salt & Pepper: Add salt and pepper to taste to enhance your salad flavours.	Substitutions and Additions	Substitutions	Fresh Parsley >> Add or sub out the parsley for fresh cilantro, dill, or basil. I do recommend only subbing out half or simply adding more fresh herbs to the parsley instead of subbing it out completely.	Dried Mint >> Fresh Mint Use 1/4 cup chopped mint leaves	Green Onions >> Red or White Onions Use 1/2 cup finely diced onion in place of 3-4 spring onion stalks for a more punchy salad.	Lemon Juice >> Lime Juice or Verjuice The lemon can be easily replaced with 1/4 cup lime juice or verjuice. Verjuice (ab-ghooreh) is essentially sour grape juice used in a lot of Persian food. It can be tricky to find and somewhat pricey, but if you have it available to you – have at it!	Additions	Chopped bell pepper is sometimes added for extra crunch	Feta cheese adds a creamy, tang	Rice or Quinoa will go along way in bulking this out to be a more filling recipe. They will also soak up all that extra juice well!	Sumac (one of the main components of za’atar) is a common addition to a lot of Persian and Mediterranean salad recipes like this one	Lemon and Lime Zest can be mixed in for a more zesty flavour.	Serving & Storage	Serve this salad chilled or at room temperature.	Keep leftovers stored in an airtight container in the fridge up to 2 days. This is best enjoyed on the first day.	Did you make this? Be sure to leave a review below and tag me on Facebook, Instagram, or Pinterest!	Yield: 6 servings Prep Time: 15 minutes Total Time: 15 minutes	Bright, vibrant and refreshing - this Shirazi Salad recipe is made with simple ingredients, requires little prep and packs in a mouthful of flavour - all while being naturally vegan and low carb!	Ingredients	3 roma tomatoes, deseed and diced	4 Persian cucumbers or 1 large English cucumber, finely diced	3 large green onion stalks, diced	1/4 cup finely chopped parsley	2 teaspoons dried mint	1/2 teaspoon salt & freshly ground black pepper plus more to taste	1/4 cup | 60 ml fresh lime juice	2 tablespoons | 30 ml extra-virgin olive oil	Need help converting to weights? Check out my cups to grams Conversion Guide.	Instructions	Add the diced cucumber, tomato, spring onion, parsley, mint, salt and pepper to a large bowl. Toss to combine.	Add the lemon juice and olive oil and toss once more until everything has been fully dressed in citrus and oil.	Taste and season with more salt and pepper as needed.	Serve cold or at room temperature. Leftovers should be kept covered in the fridge for up to 2 days.	Notes	Make it Low FODMAP: only use the green parts of the green onion.	Instead of 1/4 cup chopped parsley you can use a combination of herbs like cilantro, dill and basil in addition to the parsley.	You can use 1/4 cup fresh chopped mint in place of the dried mint.	Instead of spring onions you can use 1/2 cup diced red onion, white onion or shallots.	This website provides approximate nutrition information for convenience and as a courtesy only. Nutrition data is gathered primarily from the USDA Food Composition Database, whenever available, or otherwise other online calculators.	© A Saucy Kitchen, Sarah Nevins	Course: Salads Cuisine: Persian
0b78wPUK	https://inthekitch.net/how-to-grill-onions/	In the Kitch is reader-supported. External links may earn us a commission at no additional cost to you.	Do you feel like your burger is missing something?! It’s probably begging for grilled onions.	Besides avoiding heating your house during the hot summer months, grilling onions on the BBQ, whether it be red, yellow or white, also adds a smoky flavor and added texture to many dishes like burgers, salads or all on their own.	Let’s go over how to grill onions step-by-step including wedges, rings and in foil packages:	How Long to Grill Onions?	Onions are grilled perfectly when slightly charred and softened. The time it takes to achieve this will depend on the cut (wedges, slices, whole), the temperature of the grill, etc. Slices and wedges will have a similar cooking time (about 20 minutes) but it will take longer for a whole onion (about 40 minutes).	Are Grilled Onions Good For You?	Onions are packed with vitamins and minerals, but low in calories. Some of these nutrients include vitamin c, b vitamins and potassium. They are high in antioxidants that may help lower the risk of heart disease as well as cancer-fighting compounds. Raw onions contain more sulfur compounds than cooked, but cooked still provide health benefits. Not everyone can handle eating a raw onion, so cooking the onions can make them easier to digest.	Before You Begin	To get started, make sure you grab whatever types of onions you would like to grill: red, white or yellow. You will also need some basics like olive oil, salt, balsamic vinegar, fresh herbs, and BBQ sauce, depending on the method you choose. Check out all 3 ways below:	How to Grill Onion Wedges	Step 1: Gather Ingredients and Tools	2 medium yellow onions	Olive oil	Sea salt	Fresh thyme or your favorite fresh herbs (optional)	Tongs	Step 2: Peel & Trim the Onions	Remove the outer layer of each onion and trim off the tops. Leaving the bottom intact will help keep the wedges together.	If you want to cut the bottom of the onions off, use a grill mat to place the wedges on when cooking. This will keep them from falling through the grates.	Step 3: Cut into Wedges	Cut the onions in half, then cut each half into quarters. Cut the quarters in half to create 8 wedges per onion.	Step 4: Heat the Grill	Charcoal Grill: preheat to medium-high heat. Put the coals on one side of the grill to create an indirect heat zone.	Gas Grill: turn half of the burners on to medium-high heat to create an indirect heat zone.	Arrange the onions on the indirect-heat side (no flame underneath), but still close to the fire.	Step 5: Grill the Onions	Brush them with olive oil, cover the grill and cook for 10 minutes. Flip them over and cook for about 10 more minutes, or until softened and slightly charred.	Step 6: Remove From Grill	Place them on a plate and drizzle with some olive oil. Sprinkle with sea salt and fresh herbs, to taste.	How to Grill Red Onion Rings	If you’re looking for grilled onions to top your burgers or brats with, these red onion rings are the way to go. You can use yellow or white onions with this technique as well. The balsamic dressing is optional.	Step 1: Prep the Ingredients & Tools	2 medium red onions	3 tbsp. olive oil	2 tbsp. balsamic vinegar	Sea salt, to taste	Fresh rosemary leaves, optional	Preheat the grill to medium heat.	Step 2: Slice the Onions	Peel the outer layer of the onions off. Trim off the tops and bottoms. Slice onions into ½ inch rings.	Step 3: Make the Dressing	Whisk together the olive oil, balsamic vinegar, salt and rosemary leaves in a small bowl.	Step 4: Transfer Onion Rings to Baking Sheet	Arrange the onions on the baking sheet. Brush the tops with some of the oil/vinegar mixture, reserving the rest to serve with later.	Note: If you aren’t using the balsamic dressing, brush the tops of the onions with some olive oil.	Step 5: Grill the Onion Rings	Place the baking sheet on the preheated grill (medium heat). With the grill open, cook for about 8 to 10 minutes per side. You want them to caramelize a bit and soften.	Step 6: Remove From Grill & Serve	Remove the onion rings from the grill to a serving bowl. Toss with some of the reserved oil/vinegar mixture and serve!	How to Grill Whole Onions in Foil	Step 1: Gather Ingredients & Tools	1 medium yellow onion	2 tbsp. BBQ sauce	Freshly chopped parsley, optional	Foil	Charcoal Grill: preheat to medium-high heat. Put the coals on one side of the grill to create an indirect heat zone.	Gas Grill: turn half of the burners on to medium-high heat to create an indirect heat zone.	Step 2: Add Onion to Foil	Peel the outer layer of the onion off. Cut the top and bottom off. Place it on a piece of foil, large enough to wrap completely around it. Add the BBQ sauce and parsley.	Step 3: Wrap the Onion in the Foil	Wrap the onion up in the foil, creating a foil package.	Step 4: Place the Foil Package on the Grill	Place it on the grill over the indirect heat, close the lid and cook for 30 to 40 minutes, or until softened all the way through.	Step 5: Serve!	Carefully open up the foil package; it will be hot. Slice and serve, topped with fresh parsley, or as desired.	And there you have it: grilled onions 3 ways. Which way did you like best? Let us know in the comments and please share this recipe!	I am Joss, the creator and editor of In the Kitch. I am inviting you on this food journey with me to learn, grow and bring out that inner chef in you. I hope to inspire you to get creative in your own kitchen!
0b8ghHIj	https://www.dailybulletin.com/2021/07/26/fontana-man-receives-medals-for-vietnam-war-service/	Rep. Pete Aguilar, D-San Bernardino, recently awarded 13 combat medals to John Kerins, a Vietnam War veteran who lives in Fontana.	Kerins earned the medals, including the Bronze Star, for service during the Vietnam War, but they were never awarded, according to a news release.	After advocating on Kerins’ behalf, Aguilar’s office was able to secure the medals from the Department of the Army to be formally awarded to Kerins.	Aguilar presented the medals to Kerins at a ceremony in May at Disabled American Veterans, Chapter 12, in San Bernardino.	Kerins was drafted into the U.S. Army in 1966 and completed basic combat training at Fort Knox, Ky., and advanced individual training to become a gunner at Fort Gordon, Ga. Then he attended and graduated from Airborne School at Fort Benning, Ga.	He was assigned to the 82nd Airborne Division in Fort Bragg, N.C., but because of operational needs, he was reassigned to the 101st Airborne Division and served in Vietnam from October 1967 to September 1968.	During his Vietnam tour of duty, he served at A Shau Valley, Chu Lai, Laos and Cambodia. He engaged in direct combat on multiple occasions and suffered a shrapnel wound because of those actions, according to the news release.	In addition to the Bronze Star, the medals he received at the ceremony in San Bernardino were two Army Commendation Medals, one with V device; Army Good Conduct Medal; National Defense Service Medal; Vietnam Service Medal with Four Bronze Service Stars; Republic of Vietnam Gallantry Cross with Palm Unit Citation; Republic of Vietnam Campaign Medal with Device (1960); Republic of Vietnam Civil Actions Honor Medal with First Class Unit Citation; Parachutist Badge; Expert Qualification Badge w/Machine Gun Bar; Sharpshooter Marksmanship Qualification Badge with Automatic Rifle Bar; and Marksman Marksmanship Qualification Badge with Rifle Bar.	At the ceremony, Aguilar also awarded Vietnam veteran lapel pins to six Disabled American Veterans members who served in the Vietnam War.
0b8n0Xk4	https://www.commonsensemedia.org/game-reviews/samurai-warriors-5	A lot or a little?	The parents' guide to what's in this game.	Positive Role Models & Representations	Ease of Play	Violence	What parents need to know	User Reviews	Parents say	Kids say	What's it about?	Is it any good?	People like to say that "Everything old is new again," which is usually meant to point out that something meant to be fresh and trendy has oftentimes been done before. That also seems to be the rationale behind Samurai Warriors 5, which has been promoted as a new reboot of the long-running hack and slash game series. As far as changes go, the most obvious is in the game's artistic style. Using a type of a cel-shaded technique, the game's visuals are designed to have a similar look to that of a Japanese painting. In motion, things are almost smooth as silk, with the exception of certain special effects that don't look so great.	Samurai Warriors 5 may have gotten a fresh new coat of paint, but calling it a "reboot", a "re-imagining", or anything in that vein is a huge overstatement. While the Hyper Attacks and Ultimate Skills add a couple of new trick arrows to the game's quiver, these are both basically just flashy new ways to wipe out waves of enemies while breaking up the monotony of the button mashing. In fact, the cast of playable characters is actually substantially smaller than the previous game, with most of them unlocked slowly as the story progresses. The only upside to this it the newly bankable experience, which can be used to raise up newly acquired characters once they're added to the team or to invest in one or two favorites, making them overpowered beasts in combat. Still, this feels like just about every other Samurai Warriors game that has come before. For fans, that may not necessarily be a bad thing, but there's nothing here that stands out from the pack.	Talk to your kids about ...	Families can talk about violence in video games. Is the impact of the violence in Samurai Warriors 5 affected by the lack of blood and gore shown in the game? Would the impact be intensified if the violence was more graphic, especially given the number of enemies that you eliminate in battle? Does a game with less graphic portrayals of violence but a higher body count have more or less of an impact that a game that might feature fewer, but much more explicit, scenes of blood and gore?	Do games based, even loosely, on actual historic events encourage kids to learn more about those events? What are some ways parents or teachers can use these games to motivate kids in their education?	Game details	Platforms: Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Windows, Xbox One, Xbox Series X/S	Price: $59.99	Pricing structure: Paid	Available online? Available online	Developer: Koei Tecmo	Release date: July 27, 2021	Genre: Action/Adventure	Topics: Sports and Martial Arts, Adventures, History	ESRB rating: T for Violence, Mild Suggestive Themes, Mild Language	Last updated: July 26, 2021
0b8n0U5t	https://barbertonmagics.org/2021/07/26/bhs-boys-soccer-hosts-youth-soccer-camp/	The BHS Boys’ Soccer Team hosted a youth soccer camp on Saturday, July 17, 2021 for children with disabilities. This was part of their service project for the 2021 Friday Night Lights and their game against Wadsworth on Friday, August 13, 2021 (5:00/7:00). The camp was free and for children of all school ages and run by BHS soccer team members and coaches. To see the photo gallery from the day, click HERE.	The camp was such success and enjoyed by the campers and parents that there are plans to host a future camp.
0b8n0TDA	https://www.pharmalive.com/light-to-moderate-drinking-tied-to-lower-risk-of-heart-attack-and-death-in-patients-with-heart-disease/	Light-to-moderate drinking tied to lower risk of heart attack and death in patients with heart disease	July 26, 2021; 8:09 PM EDT	Light-to-moderate alcohol consumption is linked to a reduced risk of heart attack, stroke and death among those with heart disease, according to a study published in the journal BMC Medicine on Monday.	The largest benefit – a 50% reduction in risk compared with non-drinkers – was seen in people with heart disease who drank an average of 6 grams of alcohol per day. (A standard “unit” of alcohol is 8 grams in the UK, whereas the average drink in the United States contains 14 grams.)	People who averaged 8 grams per day had a 27% lower risk of death from heart attack, stroke or angina, compared with those who did not drink. Those who drank 7 grams per day had a 21% lower risk of death due to any cause.	Drinking higher amounts, up to an average of 15 grams of alcohol daily, were linked with smaller reductions in risk. https://bit.ly/3kV2xN9	“Our findings suggest that people with CVD (cardiovascular disease) may not need to stop drinking in order to prevent additional heart attacks, strokes or angina, but that they may wish to consider lowering their weekly alcohol intake,” said study coauthor Chengyi Ding, a research student at University College London. She noted, however: “Alcohol consumption is associated with an increased risk of developing other illnesses.”	Ding cautioned that non-drinking individuals should not be encouraged to take up light drinking because of known adverse effects on other health outcomes, such as cancers.	The researchers, who assessed more than 48,000 patients with heart disease, found that higher alcohol consumption, up to 62 grams per day, was not associated with increased risks of recurrent heart attack or death compared with no alcohol consumption.	Overall, the alcohol amounts that were linked with benefit are lower than those recommended in most current guidelines. For example, the American Heart Association’s guidelines for heart patients recommend up to 2 U.S. drinks per day for men and 1 per day for women.	A 2019 study found older people with heart failure who consume up to seven drinks a week may live longer than those who completely avoid alcohol. (https://reut.rs/3y5VwwH)	However, researchers in the past have found that heavy drinking was associated with increased levels of blood biomarkers that indicate damage to the heart.	The new study analyzed data from the UK Biobank, the Health Survey for England, the Scottish Health Survey and from 12 previous studies.	The researchers caution that their findings may overestimate the reduction in risk for moderate drinkers with heart disease due to the under-representation of heavy drinkers and categorization of former drinkers who may have quit.	Reporting by Dania Nadeem in Bengaluru; Editing by Nancy Lapid and Dan Grebler	Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
0b8n0gjj	https://www.wdam.com/2021/07/27/marion-county-columbia-school-districts-discuss-back-to-school-covid-plans/	MARION COUNTY, Miss. (WDAM) - As the first day of school approaches, school districts across the Pine Belt are preparing to bring students back during a pandemic.	Newly appointed Marion County School District Superintendent Michael Day addresses how the district is planning to help students this year following the impacts of COVID-19.	“We’re putting lots of programs and pieces in play to address the learning loss with our children,” said Day.	Masks will be optional for the students this year.	Leaders have a plan in place but are ready to make tweaks if needed.	“We have to ‘Return to Learn’ plan,” Day said. “We’re watching closely what the [state] department of health and CDC puts out. We have the new guidelines, but we will make that decision on the 30th.”	Marion County will balance health and safety with fun, hoping to give students a creative outlet.	“We are adding a lot of performing arts programs: Choir, theater, gospel choir, show choir, art...,” said Day.	Day says providing these programs will allow students to interact with classmates and bring a sense of normalcy.	A stone’s throw away, Columbia School District is also ready to be back in the classroom.	Masks on campus will be optional for the students as they return to school.	Columbia School District Superintendent Dr. Jason Harris explains their COVID plan.	“We do have what we feel is a great set of guidelines that will allow us to, you know, to reflect and look and then use certain metrics that will allow us to make certain changes if needed,” said Harris.	Harris says the district is continuing to monitor COVID-19 and the Delta variant and wants to let parents know they do have a plan and will stick to it.	“Right now, we have a low rate here in Marion County of spread. So, you know, as we do that, I just want parents to know that we have a plan as we did last year,” Harris said. “We are going to stick to our plan. We’ll make sure we provide the safest, secure learning environment for our students.”	Both Marion County and Columbia school districts will provide PPEs and will sanitize to keep the rate of spread down.	Columbia School District starts back on Wednesday, July 28, and Marion County School District returns on Aug. 5.
0b8n0onX	https://fredericksburg.com/sports/college/college-notebook-umw-hires-brisotti-as-womens-tennis-coach/article_5cd1722b-f7a1-5a38-9324-55f2461617cf.html	Matt Brisotti is the University of Mary Washington’s new women’s tennis coach.	Brisotti succeeds Todd Helbling, who will return to coaching the UMW men after leading both programs last season. He comes to Fredericksburg after coaching both the men’s and women’s teams at Hamilton (N.Y.) College since 2017, leading the women to an 11–4 record and the men to an 11–5 mark in 2018–19.	Before that, he coached both genders at his alma mater, Drew (N.J.) University from 2014–17, winning a total of 63 dual matches in that span. As a player, Bisotti was twice named all-Landmark Conference and posted 55 career singles victories and 64 in doubles.	FOOTBALL	Montana senior offensive tackle	Conlan Beaver	(Massaponax) was chosen to the all-Big Sky Conference preseason team Monday. He has made 26 career starts for the Grizzlies, who are ranked No. 9 in the HERO Sports preseason FCS national poll.	Virginia State junior defensive lineman Javon Frazier (Colonial Forge) was named to the Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association preseason all-conference first team. He was a second-team all-conference pick in 2019 with nine sacks before the 2020 CIAA season was canceled due to the coronavirus pandemic.	ACADEMICS	Thirteen local athletes from Christopher Newport University earned spots on the Coast 2 Coast Athletic Conference’s 2020–21 all-academic team with grade-point averages of 3.20 or higher.	Track: Kellie Hyde (Culpeper), Mae Savoie (Colonial Forge), Alexis Smith (Colonial Forge), Natalie Stencavage (Colonial Forge) and Annaliese Sutton (Chancellor). Field hockey: Morgan Arthur (Chancellor). Golf: Katie Thome (Colonial Forge). Soccer: Abbie Harrigan (Brooke Point) and Jill McDonald (Colonial Forge). Softball: Emerald Cheesebrew (Riverbend) and Sarah Proctor (Louisa). Tennis: Kiersten Chang (Riverbend). Volleyball: Tiaralyn McBride (Mountain View).	Nine local athletes qualified for the Colonial Athletic Association’s commissioner’s academic honor roll, which requires a 3.0 GPA:	Delaware: Field hockey’s Morgan Rigual (James Monroe). James Madison: Track’s Jordan Venning (Mountain View) and McKen-zi Watkins (Colonial Forge). Northeastern: Track’s Naukym Morton (North Stafford). Towson: Basketball’s Maggie Sharp (Mountain View) and swimmer Shay Walker (Mountain View). William & Mary: Baseball’s Justin Pearson (Mountain View), swimmer John O’Hara (Stafford), field hockey’s Jayden Moon (Riverbend) and track’s Meghan Heidebrecht (Culpeper).	ADMINISTRATION	Recent VMI graduate	Cliff Conway	(Courtland) has joined the Southern Conference as a championships assistant. He was a four-year starting wrestler for the Keydets at 133 pounds.
0b8n0aRN	https://www.tribuneledgernews.com/tribune/lifestyles/lebanese-president-names-billionaire-mikati-to-form-cabinet/article_47316e75-0361-5f59-ada8-075fb99422d2.html	BEIRUT — Lebanon’s president tasked Najib Mikati, a billionaire businessman and former premier, with forming a new government, the third attempt in less than a year as the country scrambles to escape a spiraling economic crisis.	Mikati received 72 of 115 votes during consultations between President Michel Aoun and lawmakers on Monday. He had already won the backing of a group of former Sunni Muslim heavyweight politicians. They included Saad Hariri, who ended his own efforts to build an administration last week after disagreements with Aoun.	Critically, the Shiite Iran-backed Hezbollah group and its allies also gave their support to Mikati. Lawmakers belonging to two major Christian factions were among 42 parliamentarians who refrained from nominating a premier.	Speaking to reporters, Mikati said he wouldn’t have accepted the role without “the needed international guarantees,” adding his first priority once a Cabinet had been approved would be to pursue the so-called French initiative, a roadmap set by Paris to unlock billions of dollars in pledged donor funds. It’s time “for someone to stop the fire from spreading,” he said.	Lebanon has been under a caretaker cabinet since August when the government resigned in the aftermath of the massive port explosion that killed at least 200 people and destroyed swaths of the capital. The government, which defaulted on $30 billion in international debt over a year ago, has struggled to implement reforms given its limited authority and political backing. A collapse in the value of the pound has decimated the savings of millions of Lebanese, while shortages of fuel add to the misery.	Mikati, 65, is the cofounder along with his brother of investment firm M1 Group, and the two are Lebanon’s richest men with individual fortunes of around $2.5 billion. Their family-owned company has investments in sectors including telecommunications, real estate, aircraft financing, fashion and energy. M1 Group holds stakes in South African telecom firm MTN, fashion retailer Pepe Jeans and property in New York and London, according to Forbes magazine.	A two-time prime minister, he’s from the northern city of Tripoli, one of Lebanon’s poorest, and is considered to be a close friend of Bashar Al-Assad, the president of neighboring Syria and a former major power broker in Lebanon. Mikati entered politics in 1998 as a public works minister and is currently a lawmaker.	His most recent cabinet was in 2011 after Hezbollah and its allies toppled Saudi Arabia-backed Hariri and named him to form a government. Mikati resigned two years later over several disputes that pitted Hariri’s coalition against the Hezbollah-led camp.	Mikati has since re-aligned himself closer to Hariri, who also has ties France, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt.	The international community, primarily former colonial power France, has been pushing Lebanon’s fractious politicians to form a government quickly and begin implementing reforms that could unlock aid aid and revive stalled talks with the International Monetary Fund. Paris has threatened to sanction politicians who obstructed the formation of a government.	Nationwide protests erupted in October 2019 over falling living conditions with demonstrators demanding the removal of an entire political class that they accuse of rampant corruption, pillaging state coffers and pushing the country to the brink of collapse.	During the protest period, a state prosecutor accused Mikati and the country’s biggest bank of making illicit gains from a subsidized housing program. Both Mikati and the bank have denied any wrongdoing.	Support Local Journalism	Now, more than ever, residents need trustworthy reporting—but good journalism isn’t free. Please support us by purchasing a digital subscription. Your subscription will allow you unlimited access to important local news stories. Our mission is to keep our community informed and we appreciate your support.
0b8n0m25	http://www.semoball.com/wire/1223374	Alaska, of all places, has an Olympic champion at the pool	TOKYO (AP) -- Alaska, of all places, has an Olympic champion at the pool.	Seventeen-year-old Lydia Jacoby gave the United States a victory in the women's 100-meter breaststroke, knocking off teammate and defending champion Lilly King on Tuesday.	Jacoby was the first swimmer from the Arctic state ever to make the U.S. Olympic swimming team.	Now, she's heading back to giddy Seward, Alaska -- population: 2,773 -- with a gold medal, rallying to win in 1 minute, 4.95 seconds..	South Africa's Tatjana Schoenmaker claimed the silver in 1:05.22, while King gave the Americans another medal by taking the bronze in 1:05.54.	Jacoby's stunning win salvaged what had been a disappointing morning for the American team. The U.S. had only managed a pair of bronze medals before the high schooler came through.	Jacoby was only third at the turn, trailing Schoenmaker and King. But, with her head bobbing furiously out of the water, the teenager surged past King and glided past the South African on the final two strokes to touch first.	Looking at the scoreboard with a bit of disbelief, the enormity of her accomplishment finally hit when Schoenmaker reached across the lane rope for a hug. Then it was King bounding over from two lanes away to congratulate America's new breaststroke queen.	"I was definitely racing for a medal. I knew I had it in me," Jacoby said. "I wasn't really expecting a gold medal, so when I looked up and saw the scoreboard it was insane."	Her teammate, King, who rose to fame with her swimming prowess and outspoken views on doping in sports, was content with the bronze.	"I'm so excited for Lydia," King said. "I love to see the future of American breaststroke coming up like this and to have somebody to go at it head to head in the country. I definitely knew she was a threat and saw a lot of myself in her effort."	On the men's side, the U.S. team lost a backstroke race at the Olympics for the first time since 1992.	Russia swept the top two spots in the 100-meter back Tuesday, with Evgeny Rylov claiming the gold medal in 51.98 and teammate Kliment Kolesnikov taking the silver in 52.00.	Defending Olympic champion Ryan Murphy settled for the bronze in 52.19.	It was the first backstroke defeat for the U.S. men at the Olympics since the Barcelona Games. They won 12 straight golds at the last six Olympics, including Murphy's sweep of the 100 and 200 back at the 2016 Rio Olympics.	"Winning an Olympic gold medal means you're the best in the world," Murphy said. "Being third in the world is no slouch."	Along with the Russia, it was good morning for Australia and Britain.	World record-holder Kaylee McKeown gave the Aussie women another gold medal with a victory in the women's 100 backstroke, setting an Olympic record.	Her winning time of 57.47 was just off the world mark she set this year of 57.45. The silver went to Canada's Kylie Masse in 57.72, while former world record-holder Regan Smith of the United States grabbed the bronze at 58.05.	Coming into these Olympics, Australia had not won an individual women's title since 2008. They've already got two in Tokyo, with McKeown's gold coming after Ariarne Titmus' victory Monday in the 400 freestyle.	"My legs were definitely hurting with the last 20 to go," McKeown said. "I'm sure it would have been pretty noticeable on the TV. But you know I've trained for that and I knew I had a really strong backend and a really good chance to be on the podium."	Britain went 1-2 in the men's 200 freestyle. Tom Dean captured the gold in 1 minute, 44.22 seconds, while teammate Duncan Scott picked up the silver in 1:44.26. The bronze went to Brazil's Fernando Scheffer at 1:44.66.	Dean's victory was even more remarkable considering he has twice been stricken with COVID-19 during the buildup to the games.	"It was quite tough," he said. "It was tough having a lot of time out the water. And obviously it requires a slow buildup because of the nature of the disease. So it's tough and it was a very bumpy ride this season."	American Kieran Smith settled for a sixth-place showing after capturing a bronze in the 400 free.	Defending 200 free champion Sun Yang was banned from the Tokyo Olympics for a doping violation. He is serving a more than four-year ban, though he could be eligible to return for the 2024 Paris Games.	Titmus and Katie Ledecky both advanced to Wednesday's final of the 200-meter freestyle, setting up another showdown after their thrilling race in the 400 free.	Titmus was the top qualifier in the 200 semis at 1:54.82, while Ledecky -- the defending Olympic champion -- cruised to the third-best time in 1:55.34. The Aussie Terminator will be looking for her second straight gold after rallying to beat Ledecky in the 400 free.	Ledecky had a relatively easy day compared to Monday, when she raced three times for a total of 2,100 meters.	"I was still a little tired the last 15," Ledecky said, "but I felt like I had good control of the heat."	She'll have another big morning Wednesday, when she competes in the finals of the 200 free and the 1,500 free -- her shortest and longest events -- about a hour apart.	"It'll be a good challenge," Ledecky said. "It's been fun to train for both of them.	Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at https://twitter.com/pnewberry1963 and his work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paulnewberry	More AP Olympic coverage: https://www.apnews.com/OlympicGames and https://twitter.com/AP--Sports
0b8n0cCp	https://www.oleantimesherald.com/news/legion-veterans-services-to-host-benefits-fair-saturday/article_904c5836-522f-5066-bd90-cac4d2f50281.html	Legion, veterans services to host benefits fair Saturday	OLEAN — The Olean American Legion will host a veterans benefits resource fair for veterans on Saturday to learn about benefits offered from the state and federal governments.	Officials with the Cattaraugus County Veterans Service Agency will be on hand to detail benefits and how to receive them from 1-4 p.m. Saturday at the legion hall, 307 E. State St., Olean.	Legion officials reported the number of veterans who are unaware of services available to them for their service is high, including veterans unaware of GI Bill benefits and Veterans Affairs health care. Lesser-known benefits include home loan guarantees, property tax exemptions and burial assistance.
0b8n0Ycn	https://www.chatsports.com/memphis-grizzlies/a/source/this-grizzlies-pelicans-trade-involving-valanciunas-came-out-of-nowhere-16708459	Jonas Valanciunas, Memphis Grizzlies Mandatory Credit: Chuck Cook-USA TODAY Sports	The Memphis Grizzlies have been in trade talks with the New Orleans Pelicans all week long, so it wasn’t a surprise to see the two teams come to some sort of agreement. That said, the agreement that they came to shocked just about everybody.	The original rumor was surrounding Eric Bledsoe and two draft picks. The teams would swap first-round picks and Memphis would receive Bledsoe. The trade that actually happened blew that one out of the water. Here’s what it looked like via Adrian Wojnarowski.
0b8n0ZVW	https://www.fashiongonerogue.com/chanel-fall-2021-campaign/	Chanel heads to the snow for its fall-winter 2021 campaign. Photography duo Inez & Vinoodh capture models Rianne van Rompaey, Louise de Chevigny, Mica Arganaraz, and Vivienne Rohner. Captured in a chalet setting, they lounge with fur blankets and a mountainous backdrop.	Creative director Virginie Viard’s designs include cropped knitwear, embellished jeans, and faux fur jackets for an après-ski-inspired aesthetic. Handbags take the spotlight with classic quilted styles as well as chain details and symbol-adorned flaps.	For footwear, the Chanel woman wears fuzzy boots, strappy flats, and camellia-decorated heels. The fall 2021 collection of Chanel arrives in boutiques starting this September.	Chanel Fall/Winter 2021 Campaign
0b8n0nuo	https://www.commonsensemedia.org/game-reviews/the-great-ace-attorney-chronicles	A lot or a little?	The parents' guide to what's in this game.	Positive Role Models & Representations	Ease of Play	Violence	What parents need to know	User Reviews	Parents say	Kids say	What's it about?	Is it any good?	When it comes to courtroom drama in the video game world, there's no argument that the legal eagles of Capcom's long-running crime series are the best to take the case. The Great Ace Attorney Chronicles continues this tradition by following the precedent set forth in the previous games, while establishing itself as a fresh start for a new pool of gaming jurors. The game does a great job of using its setting and cast to craft a brand-new world for the series. The characters, while giving off an air of familiarity, feel distinct enough to build from. Plus, the historical late-19th Century setting between the two culturally unique countries seems rich with potential. Meanwhile, the underlying gameplay stays faithful to the franchise, giving fans more of what they've come to expect without alienating newcomers to the Ace Attorney universe.	With two full games' worth of content, there's plenty of cases for players to test their investigative and interrogation skills with. As with most of the Ace Attorney games, this can be a bit of a double-edged sword. On the one hand, there's a huge sense of accomplishment when players can catch a witness in a lie or uncover a key piece of evidence. On the other hand, overlooking one slight detail might leave the player perpetually stuck and frustrated. To that end, the game does include an optional "Story Mode, which can be turned on or off at any time. When Story Mode is on, the plot unfolds automatically with the game handling all the choices and puzzle solving aspects. This is great for fans that are more interested in the story than anything else. But considering the game's lack of replayability and the fact that there's only ever one real outcome to each case, taking the interactivity out of the formula makes the experience little more than an animated book. Still, this is an impressive collection that mystery fans will truly enjoy.	Talk to your kids about ...	Families can talk about violence in video games. Is the impact of the violence in The Great Ace Attorney Chronicles affected by the animated art style and lack of visual depictions of violent acts? Would the impact be intensified if the visuals were more realistic and bloody?	How do games like the Ace Attorney series compare to the real-world legal system? Can games like these encourage younger fans to pursue a possible career in the field?	Game details	Platforms: Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Windows	Subjects: Language & Reading: reading, reading comprehension, text analysis	Skills: Thinking & Reasoning: analyzing evidence, collecting data, deduction, investigation	Price: $39.99	Pricing structure: Paid	Available online? Available online	Developer: Capcom	Release date: July 27, 2021	Genre: Adventure	Topics: Adventures, Friendship, History	ESRB rating: T for Blood, Violence	Award: Common Sense Selection	Last updated: July 26, 2021
0b8n0iVB	https://www.chatsports.com/memphis-grizzlies/a/source/memphis-grizzlies-who-are-experts-predicting-at-no-17-and-no-51-picks-16708233	Jalen Johnson, Duke Basketball Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports	With the 2021 NBA Draft only being a few days away, let’s take a look at some mock drafts to see who the experts have the Memphis Grizzlies picking. Going into Thursday, Memphis has the 17th and 51st overall picks in the draft. There is always a chance for potential trades, but this post will assume that they stick at their current picks.	Here’s what each website’s expert predicted for the Memphis Grizzlies in the 2021 NBA Draft	The Athletic:	17th Overall Pick: Trey Murphy	Murphy is a great shooter, a solid defender, and should be a nice role player.
0b8n0eyH	https://www.chatsports.com/memphis-grizzlies/a/source/heres-why-the-memphis-grizzlies-want-to-trade-up-even-further-than-no-10-16708583	Taylor Jenkins, Memphis Grizzlies (Photo by Nic Antaya/Getty Images)	Oh, you thought the Memphis Grizzlies were done after trading Jonas Valanciunas for Steven Adams and a couple of upgraded picks? You were wrong.	The Memphis Grizzlies have big plans this offseason and the blockbuster trade from Monday afternoon was only the start. According to Kevin O’Connor, the Grizzlies are still planning on trading even further up in this year’s NBA Draft. Here’s what his tweet said.	Sources: The Grizzlies are interested in moving up again after acquiring the 10th pick from the Pelicans.
0b8n0hcS	https://abide.news/2021/04/14/chippewa-valley-webcams/	I have pointed out webcams in the Chippewa Valley previously, but recently became aware of others online. Some appear to be set up as a local attraction, like the Duck Cam at the University of Wisconsin-Eau Claire or the one at the Chippewa Falls Chamber of Commerce. Others are for monitoring weather, something that can be set up by anyone with a personal weather station and a connection to Weather Underground. Still other cameras monitor traffic on major highways.	While the cameras can provide valuable information, it is also worth considering one’s comfort level at being surveilled. In an age where access to information can be misused, those concerned with their privacy and personal safety may wish to be conscious of when these cameras are nearby or even avoid them entirely.	Update: Chippewa Valley Cultural Association in Chippewa Falls is hosting this eagle cam	References:	https://abide.news.blog/2020/09/10/traffic-cams-monitor-eau-claire-drivers/	https://abide.news.blog/2020/07/02/chamber-webcam-monitors-roundabout/	https://www.uwec.edu/learning-technology-services/live-streaming/uw-eau-claire-duck-cam/	https://www.uwec.edu/learning-technology-services/live-streaming/footbridge-live-stream/	https://www.uwec.edu/learning-technology-services/live-streaming/amphitheater-live-stream/	https://www.uwec.edu/learning-technology-services/live-streaming/chippewa-lounge-from-schofield-hall/	https://www.uwec.edu/learning-technology-services/live-streaming/new-welcome-center-construction/	https://www.uwec.edu/learning-technology-services/live-streaming/new-resident-hall-horan-hall-view/	https://www.weau.com/weather/cams/
